**21^st^ August: Trinity 10**

**COLLECT**

Let your merciful ears, O Lord, be open to the prayers of your humble
servants; and that they may obtain their petitions make them to ask such
things as shall please you; through Jesus Christ your Son our Lord, who
is alive and reigns with you, in the unity of the Holy Spirit, one God,
now and for ever. **Amen.**

**FIRST READING** Isaiah 58.9b-14

If you remove the yoke from among you, the pointing of the finger, the
speaking of evil, if you offer your food to the hungry and satisfy the
needs of the afflicted, then your light shall rise in the darkness and
your gloom be like the noonday. The Lord will guide you continually, and
satisfy your needs in parched places, and make your bones strong; and
you shall be like a watered garden, like a spring of water, whose waters
never fail. Your ancient ruins shall be rebuilt; you shall raise up the
foundations of many generations; you shall be called the repairer of the
breach, the restorer of streets to live in. If you refrain from
trampling the sabbath, from pursuing your own interests on my holy day;
if you call the sabbath a delight and the holy day of the Lord
honourable; if you honour it, not going your own ways, serving your own
interests, or pursuing your own affairs; then you shall take delight in
the Lord, and I will make you ride upon the heights of the earth; I will
feed you with the heritage of your ancestor Jacob, for the mouth of the
Lord has spoken.

**RESPONSORIAL PSALM 116**

**Response: Go out to the whole world; proclaim the good news.**

1\. O praise the Lord, all you nations; acclaim him all you peoples.
**R.**

2\. Strong is his love for us; he is faithful for ever. **R.**

**SECOND READING Hebrews 12.18-29**

You have not come to something that can be touched, a blazing fire, and
darkness, and gloom, and a tempest, and the sound of a trumpet, and a
voice whose words made the hearers beg that not another word be spoken
to them. (For they could not endure the order that was given, 'If even
an animal touches the mountain, it shall be stoned to death.' Indeed, so
terrifying was the sight that Moses said, 'I tremble with fear.') But
you have come to Mount Zion and to the city of the living God, the
heavenly Jerusalem, and to innumerable angels in festal gathering, and
to the assembly of the firstborn who are enrolled in heaven, and to God
the judge of all, and to the spirits of the righteous made perfect, and
to Jesus, the mediator of a new covenant, and to the sprinkled blood
that speaks a better word than the blood of Abel. See that you do not
refuse the one who is speaking; for if they did not escape when they
refused the one who warned them on earth, how much less will we escape
if we reject the one who warns from heaven! At that time his voice shook
the earth; but now he has promised, 'Yet once more I will shake not only
the earth but also the heaven.' This phrase 'Yet once more' indicates
the removal of what is shaken--- that is, created things---so that what
cannot be shaken may remain. Therefore, since we are receiving a kingdom
that cannot be shaken, let us give thanks, by which we offer to God an
acceptable worship with reverence and awe; for indeed our God is a
consuming fire.

**GOSPEL Luke 13.10-17**

Now he was teaching in one of the synagogues on the sabbath. And just
then there appeared a woman with a spirit that had crippled her for
eighteen years. She was bent over and was quite unable to stand up
straight. When Jesus saw her, he called her over and said, 'Woman, you
are set free from your ailment.' When he laid his hands on her,
immediately she stood up straight and began praising God. But the leader
of the synagogue, indignant because Jesus had cured on the sabbath, kept
saying to the crowd, 'There are six days on which work ought to be done;
come on those days and be cured, and not on the sabbath day.' But the
Lord answered him and said, 'You hypocrites! Does not each of you on the
sabbath untie his ox or his donkey from the manger, and lead it away to
give it water? And ought not this woman, a daughter of Abraham whom
Satan bound for eighteen long years, be set free from this bondage on
the sabbath day?' When he said this, all his opponents were put to
shame; and the entire crowd was rejoicing at all the wonderful things
that he was doing.

**POST COMMUNION** God of our pilgrimage, you have willed that the gate
of mercy should stand open for those who trust in you: look upon us with
your favour that we who follow the path of your will may never wander
from the way of life; through Jesus Christ our Lord.

***Please take this sheet with you. Could you pass it on to someone else
who might like it?***

**News From St Michael\'s, 21^st^ August, 2022.**

We welcome Fr Paul as our celebrant this morning. He will also be
celebrating Mass for us on Thursday 25th August and Sunday 28th
August. Thank you, Fr Paul, for your kindness and support to St
Michael\'s.

**Irene Horton\'s Funeral Mass** will take place tomorrow, 22^nd^
August, at 11 am. Let us come together to thank God for the life of a
dedicated, generous and much loved member of the St Michael\'s family.

**Please pray for the PCC,** who hold a meeting on Thursday 25th
August at which Archdeacon Andrew will be discussing our interregnum.

**Fr Neil and Elizabeth** are now settling into their new home in
Norfolk. Please pray for them as they begin the next chapter of their
life and ministry.

A small but enthusiastic party from St Michael\'s travelled to St Albans
for the **Richborough Family Day.** Despite the rail strike there was a
large congregation in the Cathedral, and beforehand we met a generous
and welcoming guide who demonstrated how some of the medieval wall
paintings in the Abbey -- among them one of St Thomas of Canterbury --
could, with the help of projections incorporating painstaking research,
now be seen almost as they originally were. Wonderful!

In his sermon at this memorable Mass of the Holy Name of Jesus, Bishop
Norman used the story of Rumpelstiltskin to remind us that supposed
magic formulas for re-packaging and marketing the Christian message were
a kind of modern gnosticism, were no substitute for simply pointing to
the life and person of Jesus, and might well be doomed, like
Rumpelstiltskin, to tear themselves to pieces in the end.

In his garden later in the day, when we had enjoyed our picnics and the
Bishop\'s wine, the Bishop led us in a Bible Study based on 1Peter
1:13-16, pointing out that readiness for action, discipline, reliance on
grace, and obedience were marks of the holy life to which Catholic
Christians are called. He implied delicately (without actually saying
so) that we might find this brief session more to the point than some of
the Bible studies on the same Epistle that he had lately attended in the
course of the Lambeth Conference.

It was good to be able to greet members of other SSC parishes and hear
snippets of their news -- for example, that a new priest was about to be
appointed to our neighbour parishes of Deal and Ramsgate (STOP PRESS:
his name is Fr Angus Beattie). Many thanks to Bishop Norman for
organising a wonderful day.

**More Richborough news:** Bishop Norman reminds us of the **Holy Land
Pilgrimage** planned for November 2023. Visit the Richborough website,
or speak to Eleanor.

The 2023 **Richborough Family Day will be held at St Albans** in the
first week of August next year, but **a separate event is also planned
for Canterbury.** Watch this space! - and please, St Michael\'s family,
make a special effort to support this when it happens. Bishop Norman
will be retiring before long, and joining him at Canterbury would be a
good way to show our appreciation of his pastoral concern for our
parish. In addition, a **Richborough weekend pilgrimage to Walsingham**
is planned for September 2023. People whose commitments made last
week\'s five-day pilgrimage to Walsingham unfeasible, do watch out for
next year\'s details. Walsingham is a treasure offered to all of us -- a
treasure well worth unpacking if you haven\'t yet experienced it. We
thank fellow-pilgrims from other parishes who last week assured us of
their prayers for St Michael\'s.

**Mothers\' Union** members - and others who are aware of the "**A**way
**F**rom **I**t **A**ll" seaside holidays arranged by the MU for
families in difficult circumstances -- will like to know that among the
pilgrims at Walsingham last week was someone who had accompanied this
year\'s AFIA holiday as a volunteer, and was able to report at first
hand how well it went, and how much it meant, for the 9 families who
took part (the ice cream money, in particular, was well spent!). She
also reports that there is real concern about whether a holiday of this
kind will be financially possible next summer. If you would like to know
more, and perhaps contribute for next year, please contact Daphne
Tester.
