**15th Sunday after Trinity -** Hymns 360, 296, 302, 346

**First Reading: Amos 6: 1a, 4-7**

Alas for those who are at ease in Zion, and for those who feel secure on
Mount Samaria. Alas for those who lie on beds of ivory, and lounge on
their couches, and eat lambs from the flock, and calves from the stall;
who sing idle songs to the sound of the harp, and like David improvise
on instruments of music; who drink wine from bowls, and anoint
themselves with the finest oils, but are not grieved over the ruin of
Joseph!

Therefore they shall now be the first to go into exile, and the revelry
of the loungers shall pass away.

**Responsorial Psalm 146 - Response: The Lord shall reign for ever.**

Alleluia. Praise the Lord, O my soul: while I live will I praise the
Lord; as long as I have any being, I will sing praises to my God. **The
Lord shall reign for ever.**

Put not your trust in princes, nor in any human power, for there is no
help in them. When their breath goes forth, they return to the earth; on
that day all their thoughts perish. **The Lord shall reign for ever.**

Happy are those who have the God of Jacob for their help, whose hope is
in the Lord their God; who made heaven and earth, the sea and all that
is in them; who keeps his promise for ever; who gives justice to those
that suffer wrong and bread to those who hunger. **The Lord shall reign
for ever.**

The Lord looses those that are bound; the Lord opens the eyes of the
blind; the Lord lifts up those who are bowed down: the Lord loves the
righteous; **The Lord shall reign for ever.**

The Lord watches over the stranger in the land; he upholds the orphan
and widow; but the way of the wicked he turns upside down. The Lord
shall reign for ever, your God, O Zion, throughout all generations.
Alleluia.

**The Lord shall reign for ever.**

**Second Reading: 1 Timothy 6: 6-9**

Of course, there is great gain in godliness combined with contentment;
for we brought nothing into the world, so that we can take nothing out
of it; but if we have food and clothing, we will be content with these.
But those who want to be rich fall into temptation and are trapped by
many senseless and harmful desires that plunge people into ruin and
destruction. For the love of money is a root of all kinds of evil, and
in their eagerness to be rich some have wandered away from the faith and
pierced themselves with many pains.

But as for you, man of God, shun all this; pursue righteousness,
godliness, faith, love, endurance, gentleness. Fight the good fight of
the faith; take hold of the eternal life, to which you were called and
for which you made the good confession in the presence of many
witnesses.

In the presence of God, who gives life to all things, and of Christ
Jesus, who in his testimony before Pontius Pilate made the good
confession, I charge you to keep the commandment without spot or blame
until the manifestation of our Lord Jesus Christ, which he will bring
about at the right time --- he who is the blessed and only Sovereign,
the King of kings and Lord of lords. It is he alone who has immortality
and dwells in unapproachable light, whom no one has ever seen or can
see; to him be honour and eternal dominion. Amen.

As for those who in the present age are rich, command them not to be
haughty, or to set their hopes on the uncertainty of riches, but rather
on God who richly provides us with everything for our enjoyment. They
are to do good, to be rich in good works, generous, and ready to share,
thus storing up for themselves the treasure of a good foundation for the
future, so that they may take hold of the life that really is life.

**GOSPEL: Luke 16: 19-31**

'There was a rich man who was dressed in purple and fine linen and who
feasted sumptuously every day. And at his gate lay a poor man named
Lazarus, covered with sores, who longed to satisfy his hunger with what
fell from the rich man's table; even the dogs would come and lick his
sores. The poor man died and was carried away by the angels to be with
Abraham. The rich man also died and was buried. In Hades, where he was
being tormented, he looked up and saw Abraham far away with Lazarus by
his side. He called out, "Father Abraham, have mercy on me, and send
Lazarus to dip the tip of his finger in water and cool my tongue; for I
am in agony in these flames."

'But Abraham said, "Child, remember that during your lifetime you
received your good things, and Lazarus in like manner evil things; but
now he is comforted here, and you are in agony. Besides all this,
between you and us a great chasm has been fixed, so that those who might
want to pass from here to you cannot do so, and no one can cross from
there to us."

'He said, "Then, father, I beg you to send him to my father's house
---for I have five brothers --- that he may warn them, so that they will
not also come into this place of torment."

'Abraham replied, "They have Moses and the prophets; they should listen
to them."

'He said, "No, father Abraham; but if someone goes to them from the
dead, they will repent."

'He said to him, "If they do not listen to Moses and the prophets,
neither will they be convinced even if someone rises from the dead."'

