
**As we give thanks today for the life and example of Her Majesty Queen
Elizabeth II, we pray for His Majesty the King, for our country, and for
all who hold positions of power and responsibility at this challenging
time.**

**Welcome** to new readers and those new to St Michael\'s; a special
welcome and thanks to Fr Paul Matthias, our celebrant this morning, who
is also kindly celebrating Mass for us on Thursday 15th September. If
you are a newcomer or a visitor, please make yourself known to a member
of the congregation so that we can welcome you properly.

**Our Harvest and Patronal Festival** is approaching. **Mass at 10.30 on
October 2nd** will be followed by a **Buffet Lunch in the Vestry Hall.
Our guest preacher at Mass that day will be the Archdeacon of Maidstone,
who will be joining us for lunch. Please sign up on the list at the back
of church,** indicating what you could bring, and any help you are
willing to give on the day or beforehand. Everyone is invited, and
anyone new to St Michael\'s will be particularly welcome. Please try to
be there! **NB** To tidy up before our Festival, there will be **Church
Cleaning** on Saturday 17th from 10 am. The **Garden Working Party**
has planned two extra sessions: many thanks to those who helped on
Saturday 10th, and it would be wonderful if others could join in on
Saturday 17th from 1.30pm. (Additionally, the GWP would love to see
anyone who can join in the session planned for October 8th -- do speak
to Martyn Nash if you would like to know more).

**The Funeral of Fr Paul Gibbons** takes place at St Francis\' RC
Church, Maidstone, on Tuesday 13th September at 11.30 am. As you can
see below, he has received a fitting tribute from the Tower of this
church, where he was parish priest for 40 years:

**Kent County Association: Maidstone, St Michael and All Angels:**

**Friday, 2 September 2022 in 39m (6--1--24 in C)**

**1272 Carlisle Surprise Minor**

1Janice Byrne

2Jacqueline Barlow

3Pam Thomas

4Mark Elvers

5Rupert Cheeseman

6Neil Jones (C)

In thanksgiving for the life of Father Paul Gibbons (1937-2022), R.I.P.

Sunday, 4 September 2022 in 41m (6--1--24 in C)

**1280 Spliced Surprise Major** (6m)

(256 changes Cambridge, Lincolnshire, Pudsey, Rutland; 128 changes
Superlative, Yorkshire; 39 com.

1Kath White

2Rupert Cheeseman

3Jacqueline Barlow

4Mark Elvers

5Paul Barton

6Janice Byrne

7Ray Taylor

8Neil Jones (C)

Rung in thanksgiving for the life of Father Paul Gibbons (1937-2022) on
the Feast of St Birinus, first Bishop of Dorchester and Apostle of
Wessex.

**Prayers, please, for our PCC Meeting** at 7.30 pm on Thursday 15th
September.

**The Forward in Faith Committee** for Canterbury Diocese meets on Sept.
24th. Please speak to our reps (Mike Trout or Eleanor Relle) if you
have ideas or suggestions.

**Deepening Discipleship -** a Diocesan course for people who may be
exploring lay ministry, or who just want to develop their Christian life
-- is available via Zoom this autumn (enrolment closes Sept. 16th).
Details on the Diocesan website.

***Thank You to all (particularly our bellringers) who have helped St
Michael\'s to mark in a fitting manner this solemn moment in our
history.***

