
***A warm welcome*** to any new readers, and to visitors and newcomers
to St Michael\'s, as we keep this first Sunday of the Church\'s year --
Advent Sunday. Advent is a season in its own right - a time of
expectation and hope, with its own opportunities and challenges:

"Yea, let us each our hearts prepare

For Christ to come and enter there."

A special welcome to our celebrant Fr Paul, who will also kindly
celebrate Mass for us on Thursday at 10.30 am. If you are new to St
Michael\'s, please join us for tea or coffee in the Vestry Hall after
Mass, so that we can welcome you properly.

**James Taylor writes:** "Thank you all so very much for the cards, your
prayers and your very kind and loving words. We are so grateful to you
all." We continue to pray for his granny-in-law Francesca and for all
the family.

**Vacancy News:** Fr Richard Bolton, formerly of Holy Trinity, Winchmore
Hill, has applied to become our parish priest and will be coming to
Maidstone for interview on December 7th. The timetable for the day has
yet to be announced from the Archdeacon\'s office, but it will certainly
include an opportunity for parishioners to meet him, and for him to meet
parishioners. Alas, the 7th is a working day -- but please watch this
space and see if you might be available when it matters. Everyone needs
to feel that the "fit" is right! And please keep Fr Richard, the
appointment process, and all concerned in it, in your prayers.

**The Mothers\' Union Advent service,** planned for the 7th, will now
take place on the 14th.

**Our Coffee Morning (10th December, 10.30 am - 1 pm)** needs
publicity and support from everyone. Spread the word, and see what you
can contribute to make it a success!

**The Garden Working Party** meets on December 3^rd^, 9.30am -- 12 noon.
Warmest thanks to all who give time and energy to make our church look
welcoming, inside and out.

**On our Advent Wreath** (Thank you, Jessica!), we can "light up" the
themes that unfold at the Sunday Masses of Advent -- part of our joyful
and solemn preparation for Christmas. Jessica will be glad of help with
the trees and other decorations on the 14th.

**St Andrew\'s, Deal,** one of our neighbour Resolution parishes,
celebrates its patronal festival on Wednesday 30th with Mass at 7.30
pm. Everyone is invited.

**Our Heating (yes, we now have some!):** Many thanks to Nelly and
Martyn for their efforts in locating our gas man (who had moved), and
being on the spot when he came to service the boiler. Nelly is one of
very many PCC treasurers who have applied for a grant to help their
churches with heating costs. Not surprisingly (despite a horribly
complicated form), there has been a flood of applications, not all of
which will succeed, but the diocese will notify the lucky parishes in
the near future.

**From Our Tower:**

**Kent County Association: [Maidstone,
Kent](https://dove.cccbr.org.uk/detail.php?tower=12644#_blank), St
Michael and All Angel**s

Sunday, 13 November 2022 in 41m (6--1--24 in C)

**1263** **Stedman Triples**

1Philip Jarvis

2Kath White

3Jacqueline Barlow

4Janice Byrne

5Paul Barton

6Pam Thomas

7Neil Jones (C)

8Mark Elvers

Rung half-muffled for Remembrance Sunday.

***\"We will remember them.\"***

Sunday, 20 November 2022 in 43m (6--1--24 in C)

**1312** **Spliced Surprise Major** (4m)

416 Cambridge; 320 Superlative; 288 each of London and Bristol; 32 com.

1Philip Jarvis

2Mike Birkbeck

3Jacqueline Barlow

4Mark Elvers

5Janice Byrne

6Rupert Cheeseman

7Pam Thomas

8Neil Jones (C)Rung on the Feast of Christ the King.

***Remembering David O\'Sullivan, 22/11/2019, R.I.P..***


