**Third Sunday in Advent Hymns 12, 499, 15, 170**

**FIRST READING Isaiah 35.1-10**

The wilderness and the dry land shall be glad, the desert shall rejoice
and blossom; like the crocus it shall blossom abundantly, and rejoice
with joy and singing. The glory of Lebanon shall be given to it, the
majesty of Carmel and Sharon. They shall see the glory of the Lord, the
majesty of our God. Strengthen the weak hands, and make firm the feeble
knees. Say to those who are of a fearful heart, 'Be strong, do not fear!
Here is your God. He will come with vengeance, with terrible recompense.
He will come and save you.' Then the eyes of the blind shall be opened,
and the ears of the deaf unstopped; then the lame shall leap like a
deer, and the tongue of the speechless sing for joy. For waters shall
break forth in the wilderness, and streams in the desert; the burning
sand shall become a pool, and the thirsty ground springs of water; the
haunt of jackals shall become a swamp, the grass shall become reeds and
rushes. A highway shall be there, and it shall be called the Holy Way;
the unclean shall not travel on it, but it shall be for God's people; no
traveller, not even fools, shall go astray. No lion shall be there, nor
shall any ravenous beast come up on it; they shall not be found there,
but the redeemed shall walk there. And the ransomed of the Lord shall
return, and come to Zion with singing; everlasting joy shall be upon
their heads; they shall obtain joy and gladness, and sorrow and sighing
shall flee away.

**RESPONSORIAL PSALM 146**

**Response:** **Come, Lord, and save us.**

1\. It is he who keeps faith for ever: who is just to those who are
oppressed.

It is he who gives bread to the hungry: the Lord who sets prisoners
free. **R.**

2\. The Lord who gives sight to the blind: who raises up those who are
bowed down.

The Lord who protects the stranger: and upholds the widow and the
orphan. **R.**

3\. It is the Lord who loves the just: but thwarts the path of the
wicked.

The Lord will reign for ever: Zion's God, from age to age. **R**.

**SECOND READING James 5.7-10**

Be patient, therefore, beloved, until the coming of the Lord. The farmer
waits for the precious crop from the earth, being patient with it until
it receives the early and the late rains. You also must be patient.
Strengthen your hearts, for the coming of the Lord is near. Beloved, do
not grumble against one another, so that you may not be judged. See, the
Judge is standing at the doors! As an example of suffering and patience,
beloved, take the prophets who spoke in the name of the Lord.

**GOSPEL Matthew 11.2-11**

When John heard in prison what the Messiah was doing, he sent word by
his disciples and said to him, 'Are you the one who is to come, or are
we to wait for another?' Jesus answered them, 'Go and tell John what you
hear and see: the blind receive their sight, the lame walk, the lepers
are cleansed, the deaf hear, the dead are raised, and the poor have good
news brought to them. And blessed is anyone who takes no offence at me.'
As they went away, Jesus began to speak to the crowds about John: 'What
did you go out into the wilderness to look at? A reed shaken by the
wind? What then did you go out to see? Someone dressed in soft robes?
Look, those who wear soft robes are in royal palaces. What then did you
go out to see? A prophet? Yes, I tell you, and more than a prophet. This
is the one about whom it is written,

"See, I am sending my messenger ahead of you,

who will prepare your way before you."

Truly I tell you, among those born of women no one has arisen greater
than John the Baptist; yet the least in the kingdom of heaven is greater
than he.\'

*Could you pass this sheet on to someone else who might like to see it?*

