
**Dear St Michael\'s Friends,**

Now that we\'re no longer so concerned that a pewsheet might carry
infection, here is a chance to keep in touch, and also, by email, to
update those who can\'t at present be with us. If you received this by
email and would prefer not to receive further issues, please let Eleanor
know. If you know people who haven\'t received this and might like to,
please invite them to contact her. And if you want to tell people what
is happening or what you hope to plan, put it in News From St
Michael\'s!

**A warm welcome** to Fr Derek Mottershead SSC, who is kindly
celebrating Mass for us this morning. Next Thursday and Sunday we shall
be welcoming Fr Paul Matthias as celebrant. Both Fr Derek and Fr Paul
are long-standing friends of St Michael\'s and have been most generous
in offering their help during our interregnum. Let\'s give them every
possible support.

**Fr Neil and Elizabeth** have sent a warm message of thanks for last
Sunday\'s lunch and for our parting gift to them**.** They plan to use
our cheque to buy patio furniture for their new house. We deeply
appreciate all they have both done for us during their time at St
Michael\'s, and wish them every happiness as they begin their new life
in Downham Market. **Grateful thanks** to everyone who provided the food
and help that made last Sunday an occasion to remember.

**The Funeral Mass of Irene Horton** -- who is remembered with affection
and thankfulness by the whole St Michael\'s family -- will take place at
St Michael\'s on August 22 at 11 am. Please pray for her soul, and for
Sara, Alison and their family in their bereavement.

**There\'s a Barbecue, plus Evensong and Benediction, starting at 3 pm
on Sunday July 31** at our neighbouring Resolution parish of St Michael,
Harbledown. Come along and meet people from other Resolution parishes --
friendship, encouragement and a warm welcome await! Â£2 per person, BYO
wine but soft drinks are provided. Please contact Karen Glithero (07969
404209) so that she has numbers. Could you offer a lift to a St
Michael\'s friend?

**The Richborough Family Festival at St Albans on August 13 -** everyone
is invited to share in this inspiring occasion. Solemn Mass in the
Cathedral at 12 noon will be followed by a garden party in Bishop
Norman\'s grounds -- wine provided, bring your own picnic. A chance to
experience the family love and solidarity of the Richborough group of
parishes and to be refreshed in soul and body! The train journey to St
Albans is easier than you might think -- but if driving, could you offer
a lift to a St Michael\'s friend?

**PCC and Halls:** While we have no vicar to chair our meetings, Paul
Jones has kindly agreed to be our PCC Vice-Chairman. When a parish goes
into interregnum, Churchwardens and PCC members have particular
responsibilities, and James, Paul and the whole PCC would greatly
appreciate your prayers. **We urgently need someone to take charge of
Hall bookings** -- a team of two would be ideal. Can you help?

**Pop-up Afternoon Tea, August 20,** organised by the **Mothers\'
Union** at St Peter\'s, Boughton Monchelsea. A pleasant outing and a
lovely tea for a small charge -- further details nearer the time.

**READERS\' LIST for August:** *Thank you, as always, dear readers, for
your valued contribution to our worship. If unable to read on the day
listed, please feel free to make an arrangement with another reader.*

**Sunday August 7th** OT Catherine Garland NT Jessica O\'Sullivan

**Sunday August 14th** OT Paul Jones, NT Margaret Gatehouse

**Sunday August 21st** OT Mike Trout, NT Ralph Baldock

**Sunday August 28th** OT Eta/Zangi, NT Katja Svarts

