
**Welcome, new readers and newcomers to St Michael\'s. We welcome and
thank Fr Derek Mottershead, our celebrant this morning, who is also
kindly celebrating Mass for us on Thursday 22nd. If you are a newcomer
or a visitor, please introduce yourself to a member of the congregation
so that we can welcome you properly.**

**The Tower of St Michael\'s** has made a notable contribution as
Maidstone has marked the passing of Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II.
Thank you to those who rang and to those who attended to the flag.
Thanks, too, to all who have helped us to mark the occasion in other
ways.

**Kent County Association: Maidstone, Kent:**

**St Michael and All Angels**

**Thursday, 8 September 2022 (6--1--24 in C)**

**96 Tolling**

**Half Muffled**

**8Mark T Elvers**

**Tolled in memory of Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II who died today aged
96. 21 April 1926 - 8 September 2022**.

**Friday, 9 September 2022 (6--1--24 in C)**

**Rounds, Bob Doubles, Bob Minor and Reverse Canterbury**

General Ringing fully muffled with tenor open at backstroke

1Jacqueline Barlow

2Terry Barnard

3Liam Corette

4Charlotte Elvers

5Mark Elvers

6Robin Hughes

7Steve Newlands

8Brian Osmer

Rung fully muffled to mark the passing of HM Queen Elizabeth II.

**A County and Civic Service of Commemoration** will be held at All
Saints\', Maidstone, at 3 pm today (Sunday 18th). Everyone is invited.

**Fr Paul Gibbons\'s Requiem Mass,** which took place on Tuesday morning
at St Francis\' RC Church, was attended by many worshippers with a link
to St Michael\'s. Among the clergy in the sanctuary were Fr Liam
Gallagher, the parish priest, and Mgr Keith Newton, the Ordinary of the
Personal Ordinariate of Our Lady of Walsingham. It had, however, been Fr
Paul\'s plan that the celebrant and preacher should be Fr Christopher
Pearson, also of the Ordinariate -- whom he had known ever since the
latter\'s arrival (as a school leaver) for a parish placement at St
Michael\'s many years ago. Fr Paul had been adamant that the Mass must
include "no eulogy" -- but Fr Christopher managed to do justice to the
essential nature of Fr Paul as person and priest while delivering an
illuminating sermon on the raising of Lazarus - "When God speaks, it
is." Fr Paul had also planned the place of his burial, in Brookwood
Cemetery, Woking, where he had secured a plot in the section belonging
to the parish of St Alban\'s, Holborn. So, as the hearse departed after
the Mass, we could reflect that although in life he felt abandoned by
the Church of England, his final resting-place was among the members of
an Anglican flock. May he rest in peace and rise in glory.

**Our Michaelmas/Harvest Buffet Lunch on October 2nd** still needs
offers of food and help. Please, kind cooks and helpers, sign up on the
list in the narthex. Please also think what you might bring to decorate
the church for our worship that day, and to support the food bank which
will receive our harvest gifts. Let\'s make it a day of rejoicing for St
Michael\'s and a memorable occasion for our guests, who will include the
Archdeacon of Maidstone as our preacher at Mass.

**Warmest thanks** to all who so generously joined in the church
cleaning and Garden Working Party yesterday, Please make a note also of
the Garden Working Party scheduled for October 8th -- even if you can
spare only half an hour, half an hour\'s gardening can make a real
difference.

**A Picnic in the Park this afternoon** (Sunday 18^th,^) is being
arranged by the Fant and Bower Group in Clare Park from 4.00 to 5.00 pm,
weather permitting. Bring your picnic tea and appreciate our Green Flag
local park. This is intended to be, not a raucous occasion, but an
opportunity for members of the community to come together. Please note:
anyone with any connection to the district (which all St Michael\'s
worshippers have) is most welcome to join the Group on payment of a
small subscription. Visit their website for details: fantandbower.co.uk.


