**Advent Sunday 2022 Hymns NEH 1, 10, 6, 9**

**FIRST READING Isaiah 2.1-5**

The word that Isaiah son of Amoz saw concerning Judah and Jerusalem.

In days to come the mountain of the Lord's house shall be established as
the highest of the mountains, and shall be raised above the hills; all
the nations shall stream to it. Many peoples shall come and say, 'Come,
let us go up to the mountain of the Lord, to the house of the God of
Jacob; that he may teach us his ways and that we may walk in his paths.'

For out of Zion shall go forth instruction, and the word of the Lord
from Jerusalem. He shall judge between the nations, and shall arbitrate
for many peoples; they shall beat their swords into ploughshares, and
their spears into pruning-hooks; nation shall not lift up sword against
nation, neither shall they learn war any more.

O house of Jacob, come, let us walk in the light of the Lord!

**RESPONSORIAL PSALM 122**

**Response: I rejoiced when I heard them say: Let us go to God's
house.**

1\. I rejoiced when I heard them say:

"Let us go to God's house."

And now our feet are standing:

within your gates, O Jerusalem. **R.**

2\. Jerusalem is built as a city:

strongly compact.

It is there that the tribes go up;

the tribes of the Lord. **R.**

3\. For the love of my brethren and friends;

I say, "Peace upon you!"

For the love of the house of the Lord:

I will ask for your good. **R.**

**SECOND READING Romans 13.11-14**

Besides this, you know what time it is, how it is now the moment for you
to wake from sleep. For salvation is nearer to us now than when we
became believers; the night is far gone, the day is near. Let us then
lay aside the works of darkness and put on the armour of light; let us
live honourably as in the day, not in revelling and drunkenness, not in
debauchery and licentiousness, not in quarrelling and jealousy. Instead,
put on the Lord Jesus Christ, and make no provision for the flesh, to
gratify its desires.

**GOSPEL Matthew 24.36-44**

'But about that day and hour no one knows, neither the angels of heaven,
nor the Son, but only the Father. For as the days of Noah were, so will
be the coming of the Son of Man. For as in those days before the flood
they were eating and drinking, marrying and giving in marriage, until
the day Noah entered the ark, and they knew nothing until the flood came
and swept them all away, so too will be the coming of the Son of Man.
Then two will be in the field; one will be taken and one will be left.
Two women will be grinding meal together; one will be taken and one will
be left. Keep awake therefore, for you do not know on what day your Lord
is coming. But understand this: if the owner of the house had known in
what part of the night the thief was coming, he would have stayed awake
and would not have let his house be broken into. Therefore you also must
be ready, for the Son of Man is coming at an unexpected hour.

***Could you pass this sheet on to someone else who might like to see
it?***
