**MIDNIGHT MASS OF CHRISTMAS Hymns 34, 30, 32, 26**

**First reading: Isaiah 9:1-7**

The people that walked in darkness has seen a great light; on those who
live in a land of deep shadow a light has shone. You have made their
gladness greater, you have made their joy increase; they rejoice in your
presence as men rejoice at harvest time, as men are happy when they are
dividing the spoils.

For the yoke that was weighing on him, the bar across his shoulders,

the rod of his oppressor, these you break as on the day of Midian.

For all the footgear of battle, every cloak rolled in blood, is burnt,

and consumed by fire.

For there is a child born for us, a son given to us and dominion is laid
on his shoulders; and this is the name they give him: Wonder-Counsellor,
Mighty-God, Eternal-Father, Prince-of-Peace. Wide is his dominion in a
peace that has no end, for the throne of David and for his royal power,
which he establishes and makes secure in justice and integrity. From
this time onwards and for ever, the jealous love of the Lord of Hosts
will do this.

**Responsorial Psalm - Psalm 95(96):1-3,11-13**

**Response: Today a saviour has been born to us: he is Christ the
Lord.**

O sing a new song to the Lord, sing to the Lord all the earth.

O sing to the Lord, bless his name. **R.**

Proclaim his help day by day,

tell among the nations his glory, and his wonders among all the peoples.
**R**

Let the heavens rejoice and earth be glad, let the sea and all within it
thunder praise,

let the land and all it bears rejoice, all the trees of the wood shout
for joy

at the presence of the Lord, for he comes, he comes to rule the earth.

With justice he will rule the world, he will judge the peoples with his
truth. **R**

**Second reading:** **Titus 2:11-14**

God's grace has been revealed, and it has made salvation possible for
the whole human race and taught us that what we have to do is to give up
everything that does not lead to God, and all our worldly ambitions; we
must be self-restrained and live good and religious lives here in this
present world, while we are waiting in hope for the blessing which will
come with the Appearing of the glory of our great God and saviour Christ
Jesus. He sacrificed himself for us in order to set us free from all
wickedness and to purify a people so that it could be his very own and
would have no ambition except to do good.

**Gospel Luke 2: 1-14**

Caesar Augustus issued a decree for a census of the whole world to be
taken. This census -- the first -- took place while Quirinius was
governor of Syria, and everyone went to his own town to be registered.
So Joseph set out from the town of Nazareth in Galilee and travelled up
to Judaea, to the town of David called Bethlehem, since he was of
David's House and line, in order to be registered together with Mary,
his betrothed, who was with child. While they were there the time came
for her to have her child, and she gave birth to a son, her first born.
She wrapped him in swaddling clothes, and laid him in a manger because
there was no room for them at the inn.

In the countryside close by there were shepherds who lived in the fields
and took it in turns to watch their flocks during the night. The angel
of the Lord appeared to them and the glory of the Lord shone round them.
They were terrified, but the angel said, 'Do not be afraid. Listen, I
bring you news of great joy, a joy to be shared by the whole people.
Today in the town of David a saviour has been born to you; he is Christ
the Lord. And here is a sign for you: you will find a baby wrapped in
swaddling clothes and lying in a manger.' And suddenly with the angel
there was a great throng of the heavenly host, praising God and singing:

'Glory to God in the highest heaven,

and peace to men who enjoy his favour.'

***Could you pass on this sheet to someone else who might like to see
it?***

