
***A warm welcome*** to any new readers, and to visitors and newcomers
to St Michael\'s, as we keep this third Sunday in Advent, light the
third candle on the Advent wreath, and reflect on the ministry of John
the Baptist, preparing the way of the Lord and calling God\'s people to
repentance. A special welcome to our celebrant Fr Paul, who will also
kindly celebrate Mass for us on Thursday at 10.30 am. If you are new to
St Michael\'s, please join us for tea or coffee in the Vestry Hall after
Mass, so that we can welcome you properly.

**Warmest Thanks to Sara and everyone else who worked so hard to
publicise and deliver yesterday\'s successful and enjoyable Coffee
Morning. Wonderful refreshments, lively stalls and games, a valuable
chance to enjoy one another\'s company and also meet visitors.**

**A Christmas Card Tree** is now at the back of the church. No pressure,
of course -- but if you would like to write just one card for all your
St Michael\'s friends and hang it on the tree, and then give to our
church the money you have thus saved in cards and postage, Treasurer
Nelly will be delighted! Thank you, Jessica, for arranging the tree.

**Wanted, a house to let between Maidstone and Lenham**. The Revd Arthur
Houston (St Faith\'s) has been hosting, very happily, a Ukrainian family
who now need a place of their own. They can pay a commercial rent and
the Revd Arthur is willing to be a guarantor, but almost nothing seems
to be available. Does anyone know of a possible property?

**Children will be children...** We shall be welcoming several schools,
including our own St Michael\'s Schools, to pre-Christmas services this
week. After Mass, can you please tidy up hymn books, Mass booklets and
kneelers near you, so that they will be out of harm\'s way?

**Church decorating --** Jessica will welcome help with this from 9.30
am on Wednesday 14th. We shall also need helpers for post-Christmas
un-decorating, when Jessica will be on holiday -- watch this space.

**Vacancy news** -- alas, at the moment there isn\'t any.

**Carol Service --** Don\'t forget -- Sunday 18th at 4 pm, joyous
worship followed by mulled wine and mince pies! Some friends we haven\'t
seen for a while are expected, and we can all look forward to singing
some familiar music and spending some time together.

**Faculty News -- Good news!** We have (at last) been granted our
Faculty for the repair to our vandalised east window.

**From Our Tower - Kent County Association,** [**Maidstone**,
**Kent**](https://dove.cccbr.org.uk/detail.php?tower=12644#_blank)**: St
Michael and All Angels**

**Sunday, 27 November 2022 in 41m (6--1--24 in C)**

**1260** **Spliced Minor** (2m)

720 Cambridge, 540 Plain Bob; 29 com.

1 Emma Jarvis

2 Jacqueline Barlow

3 Philip Jarvis

4 Mark Elvers

5 Pam Thomas

6 Neil Jones (C)

For Advent Sunday.

**Sunday, 4 December 2022 (6--1--24 in C)**

**1260** **Grandsire Triples**

1 Rupert Cheeseman

2 Graham D Heath

3 Jacqueline M Barlow

4 Terry Barnard

5 Paul A Barton

6 Kath White

7 Philip Jarvis (C)

8 Mark Elvers

Rung in memory of TDB

