
**A warm welcome** to new readers and to visitors and newcomers to St
Michael\'s! **A special Michaelmas welcome** to our celebrant Fr Paul
Matthias SSC -- who will also kindly be celebrating Mass for us on
Thursday - and to our visiting preacher, the Ven. Andrew Sewell,
Archdeacon of Maidstone. Everyone is invited to today\'s Harvest Lunch
in the Vestry Hall after Mass -- a chance to get to know one another
better. If this is your first time at St Michael\'s, do make yourself
known so that we can welcome you properly!

**Thank you** **to all involved** in preparing and decorating for today,
and thank you to the St Michael\'s Schools, who brought their own gifts
to their rousing Michaelmas Service on Thursday morning. During this
week a delivery will be made to the Food for Thought Food Bank attached
to Maidstone Day Centre, Knightrider Street, where gifts will be well
used and much appreciated. Can you help? Or if you would like to donate
food -- fresh or imperishable -- please think of them (01622 674064).
Their staff always have a friendly greeting for St Michael\'s! **More
Michaelmas festivity** took place last week at Harbledown, and was
enjoyed by a party from our parish. Mike reports: "Friends from other
Society parishes in the diocese were given a warm welcome at St Michael
and All Angels\', Harbledown on Thursday for the Feast of Saints
Michael, Gabriel and Raphael, Archangels. Celebrant at the Patronal
Festival\'s Solemn Mass was the Rector, Fr Peter Harnden SSC, and the
homily was delivered by Canon Clive Jones SSC, parish priest of St
John\'s, Higham with All Saints\', Perry Street. Canon Jones is Bishop
Norman\'s representative in the Rochester Diocese. A generous buffet
supper was provided after the service.**"**

**Rising Cost of Living causing concern!** The Fant and Bower Community
Group draw attention to a series of events taking place in The Mall,
Maidstone, 10.30 am to 2.30 pm, 3rd-8th October, when representatives
from the Borough Council and other bodies will be there to meet people
seeking advice on managing the cost of food, utilities and fuel. If you
or someone you know is worried, they say, "You are not on your own,
we\'re here to help."

**From Our Tower:**

**Kent County Association: Maidstone, Kent**

St Michael and All Angels

Sunday, 25 September 2022 in 40m (6--1--24 in C)

**1280 Spliced Surprise Major** (6m)

384 Rutland, 224 Superlative, 192 each of Cambridge, Lincolnshire,
Yorkshire, 96 Pudsey; 33 com

1Roger Pocock

2Graham Heath

3Ray Taylor

4Mark Elvers

5Stephen Coaker

6Mike Birkbeck

7Kath White

8Neil Jones (C)

Rung on the Feast of St Sergius of Radonezh, Russian Monastic Reformer,
Teacher of the Faith, 1392.

Friday, 30 September 2022 in 39m (6--1--24 in C)

**1269 Cambridge Surprise Minor**

1Emma Jarvis

2Terry Barnard

3Kath White

4Mark Elvers

5Philip Jarvis

6Neil Jones (C)

Early birthday compliments to Daphne Tester (5th October) and Heidi
Elvers (3rd October).

Rung on the Feast of St Jerome, translator of the Scriptures and Teacher
of the Faith, died 30th September 420.
