**Michaelmas and Harvest Thanksgiving.**

**Hymns 190, 475, 262, 333**

**Old Testament Reading Genesis 28: 10-18**

Jacob left Beer-sheba and went toward Haran. He came to a certain place
and stayed there for the night, because the sun had set. Taking one of
the stones of the place, he put it under his head and lay down in that
place. And he dreamed that there was a ladder set up on the earth, the
top of it reaching to heaven; and the angels of God were ascending and
descending on it. And the Lord stood beside him and said, "I am the
Lord, the God of Abraham your father and the God of Isaac; the land on
which you lie I will give to you and to your offspring; and your
offspring shall be like the dust of the earth, and you shall spread
abroad to the west and to the east and to the north and to the south;
and all the families of the earth shall be blessed in you and in your
offspring. Know that I am with you and will keep you wherever you go,
and will bring you back to this land; for I will not leave you until I
have done what I have promised you." Then Jacob woke from his sleep and
said, "Surely the Lord is in this place---and I did not know it!" And he
was afraid, and said, "How awesome is this place! This is none other
than the house of God, and this is the gate of heaven."

**Responsorial Psalm 65** **Response: Sing to the Lord, all the whole
earth**

You visit the earth and water it; you make it very plenteous.

The river of God is full of water;

you prepare grain for your people, for so you provide for the earth.
**R**

You drench the furrows and smooth out the ridges;

you soften the ground with showers and bless its increase.

You crown the year with your goodness, and your paths overflow with
plenty. **R**

May the pastures of the wilderness flow with goodness and the hills be
girded with joy.

May the meadows be clothed with flocks of sheep,

and the valleys stand so thick with corn that they shall laugh and sing.
**R**

**New Testament Reading Philippians 4: 4-7**

Rejoice in the Lord always; again I will say, Rejoice. Let your
gentleness be known to everyone. The Lord is near. Do not be anxious
about anything, but in everything by prayer and supplication with
thanksgiving let your requests be made known to God. And the peace of
God, which surpasses all understanding, will guard your hearts and your
minds in Christ Jesus.

**GOSPEL John 1: 47-51**

When Jesus saw Nathanael coming toward him, he said of him, "Here is
truly an Israelite in whom there is no deceit!" Nathanael asked him,
"Where did you get to know me?" Jesus answered, "I saw you under the fig
tree before Philip called you." Nathanael replied, "Rabbi, you are the
Son of God! You are the King of Israel!" Jesus answered, "Do you believe
because I told you that I saw you under the fig tree? You will see
greater things than these." And he said to him, "Very truly, I tell you,
you will see heaven opened and the angels of God ascending and
descending upon the Son of Man."

***Could you pass this sheet on to someone else who might like to see
it?***

