
*Today we welcome as our guest celebrant Fr Derek Mottershead, who will
also be celebrating next Sunday, !4th August - when we shall be
keeping the Feast of the Assumption of Our Lady. On Thursday, 11th
August, we shall be welcoming as celebrant Fr Paul Matthias. We are most
grateful to them both for their kindness and support during our
interregnum.*

**Society Parishes\' Barbecue:**

Bishop Norman and FiF chairman the Rt Revd Tony Robinson, Bishop of
Wakefield, on a break from the Lambeth Conference, added extra lustre to
a splendid Society Parishes' Barbecue at St Michael and All Angels',
Harbledown on July 31st. The well-supported event closed with Evensong
and Benediction as the sun began to set on a memorable occasion. Thanks
to the Rector, Fr Peter Harnden, and all at Harbledown for a wonderful
spread.

**News From Our Tower:**

**Kent County Association**

[**Maidstone**,
Kent](https://dove.cccbr.org.uk/detail.php?tower=12644#_blank)

St Michael and All Angels

Friday, 22 July 2022 in 43m (6--1--24 in C)

**1440** **Kelso Surprise Minor**

1 Terry Barnard

2 Jacqueline Barlow

3 Janice Byrne

4 Stephen Coaker (C)

5 Pam Thomas

6 Neil Jones

Rung in thanksgiving for the life of Irene Horton.

**Kent County Association**

[**Maidstone**,
Kent](https://dove.cccbr.org.uk/detail.php?tower=12644#_blank)

St Michael and All Angels

Sunday, 31 July 2022 in 41m (6--1--24 in C)

**1280** **Spliced Surprise Major** (4m)

352 Cambridge, Yorkshire; 288 Rutland, Superlative; 36 com.

1 Doug Davis

2 Caroline Stockmann

3 Jacqueline Barlow

4 Mark Elvers

5 Rona Joiner

6 Rupert Cheeseman

7 Pam Thomas

8 Neil Jones (C) 

Remembering Jason Adam Orwin, 3/8/2020. R.I.P.

**New ringers always welcome -- contact Jacqui Barlow!**

**It could be your Pilgrimage of a Lifetime....** Bishop Norman Banks
and Canon Adrian Ling will be leading a pilgrimage to the Holy Land on
16^th\ \_^25th November, 2023. This is being arranged through McCabe
Pilgrimages, and for bookings before January 31st there is an
early-bird discount which brings the price down to Â£2425 per person
(based on 2 sharing) -- including flights, coach travel, all meals,
accommodation at two excellent family-run hotels (one in Jerusalem, one
in Galilee), entrance fees and gratuities. This pilgrimage follows the
same pattern as the truly wonderful pilgrimage of November 2019. For an
itinerary, booking form or further information, email Eleanor
(eleanorgrelle@gmail.com).

**Don\'t Forget: Saturday 13th August is Richborough Family Festival
Day** at St Albans. Mass in the Cathedral at 12 noon will be followed by
Bishop Norman\'s garden party -- bring your own picnic, drinks kindly
provided by the Bishop. An inspiring occasion in a lovely setting, and a
chance to experience the liveliness and mutual encouragement of the
group of Society parishes under the care of Bishop Norman. Alas, rail
strikes are expected on that day; if driving, can you offer someone a
lift?

***Please take this sheet home with you. You may like to pass it on to
someone else?***

