**Third Sunday in Advent Hymns 12, 499, 15, 170**

**FIRST READING Isaiah 35.1-10**

The wilderness and the dry land shall be glad, the desert shall rejoice
and blossom; like the crocus it shall blossom abundantly, and rejoice
with joy and singing. The glory of Lebanon shall be given to it, the
majesty of Carmel and Sharon. They shall see the glory of the Lord, the
majesty of our God. Strengthen the weak hands, and make firm the feeble
knees. Say to those who are of a fearful heart, 'Be strong, do not fear!
Here is your God. He will come with vengeance, with terrible recompense.
He will come and save you.' Then the eyes of the blind shall be opened,
and the ears of the deaf unstopped; then the lame shall leap like a
deer, and the tongue of the speechless sing for joy. For waters shall
break forth in the wilderness, and streams in the desert; the burning
sand shall become a pool, and the thirsty ground springs of water; the
haunt of jackals shall become a swamp, the grass shall become reeds and
rushes. A highway shall be there, and it shall be called the Holy Way;
the unclean shall not travel on it, but it shall be for God's people; no
traveller, not even fools, shall go astray. No lion shall be there, nor
shall any ravenous beast come up on it; they shall not be found there,
but the redeemed shall walk there. And the ransomed of the Lord shall
return, and come to Zion with singing; everlasting joy shall be upon
their heads; they shall obtain joy and gladness, and sorrow and sighing
shall flee away.

**RESPONSORIAL PSALM 146**

**Response:** **Come, Lord, and save us.**

1\. It is he who keeps faith for ever: who is just to those who are
oppressed.

It is he who gives bread to the hungry: the Lord who sets prisoners
free. **R.**

2\. The Lord who gives sight to the blind: who raises up those who are
bowed down.

The Lord who protects the stranger: and upholds the widow and the
orphan. **R.**

3\. It is the Lord who loves the just: but thwarts the path of the
wicked.

The Lord will reign for ever: Zion's God, from age to age. **R**.

**SECOND READING James 5.7-10**

Be patient, therefore, beloved, until the coming of the Lord. The farmer
waits for the precious crop from the earth, being patient with it until
it receives the early and the late rains. You also must be patient.
Strengthen your hearts, for the coming of the Lord is near. Beloved, do
not grumble against one another, so that you may not be judged. See, the
Judge is standing at the doors! As an example of suffering and patience,
beloved, take the prophets who spoke in the name of the Lord.

**GOSPEL Matthew 11.2-11**

When John heard in prison what the Messiah was doing, he sent word by
his disciples and said to him, 'Are you the one who is to come, or are
we to wait for another?' Jesus answered them, 'Go and tell John what you
hear and see: the blind receive their sight, the lame walk, the lepers
are cleansed, the deaf hear, the dead are raised, and the poor have good
news brought to them. And blessed is anyone who takes no offence at me.'
As they went away, Jesus began to speak to the crowds about John: 'What
did you go out into the wilderness to look at? A reed shaken by the
wind? What then did you go out to see? Someone dressed in soft robes?
Look, those who wear soft robes are in royal palaces. What then did you
go out to see? A prophet? Yes, I tell you, and more than a prophet. This
is the one about whom it is written,

"See, I am sending my messenger ahead of you,

who will prepare your way before you."

Truly I tell you, among those born of women no one has arisen greater
than John the Baptist; yet the least in the kingdom of heaven is greater
than he.\'

*Could you pass this sheet on to someone else who might like to see it?*

**News from St Michael\'s**

***A warm welcome*** to any new readers, and to visitors and newcomers
to St Michael\'s, as we keep this third Sunday in Advent, light the
third candle on the Advent wreath, and reflect on the ministry of John
the Baptist, preparing the way of the Lord and calling God\'s people to
repentance. A special welcome to our celebrant Fr Paul, who will also
kindly celebrate Mass for us on Thursday at 10.30 am. If you are new to
St Michael\'s, please join us for tea or coffee in the Vestry Hall after
Mass, so that we can welcome you properly.

**Warmest Thanks to Sara and everyone else who worked so hard to
publicise and deliver yesterday\'s successful and enjoyable Coffee
Morning. Wonderful refreshments, lively stalls and games, a valuable
chance to enjoy one another\'s company and also meet visitors.**

**A Christmas Card Tree** is now at the back of the church. No pressure,
of course -- but if you would like to write just one card for all your
St Michael\'s friends and hang it on the tree, and then give to our
church the money you have thus saved in cards and postage, Treasurer
Nelly will be delighted! Thank you, Jessica, for arranging the tree.

**Wanted, a house to let between Maidstone and Lenham**. The Revd Arthur
Houston (St Faith\'s) has been hosting, very happily, a Ukrainian family
who now need a place of their own. They can pay a commercial rent and
the Revd Arthur is willing to be a guarantor, but almost nothing seems
to be available. Does anyone know of a possible property?

**Children will be children...** We shall be welcoming several schools,
including our own St Michael\'s Schools, to pre-Christmas services this
week. After Mass, can you please tidy up hymn books, Mass booklets and
kneelers near you, so that they will be out of harm\'s way?

**Church decorating --** Jessica will welcome help with this from 9.30
am on Wednesday 14th. We shall also need helpers for post-Christmas
un-decorating, when Jessica will be on holiday -- watch this space.

**Vacancy news** -- alas, at the moment there isn\'t any.

**Carol Service --** Don\'t forget -- Sunday 18th at 4 pm, joyous
worship followed by mulled wine and mince pies! Some friends we haven\'t
seen for a while are expected, and we can all look forward to singing
some familiar music and spending some time together.

**Faculty News -- Good news!** We have (at last) been granted our
Faculty for the repair to our vandalised east window.

**From Our Tower - Kent County Association,** [**Maidstone**,
**Kent**](https://dove.cccbr.org.uk/detail.php?tower=12644#_blank)**: St
Michael and All Angels**

**Sunday, 27 November 2022 in 41m (6--1--24 in C)**

**1260** **Spliced Minor** (2m)

720 Cambridge, 540 Plain Bob; 29 com.

1 Emma Jarvis

2 Jacqueline Barlow

3 Philip Jarvis

4 Mark Elvers

5 Pam Thomas

6 Neil Jones (C)

For Advent Sunday.

**Sunday, 4 December 2022 (6--1--24 in C)**

**1260** **Grandsire Triples**

1 Rupert Cheeseman

2 Graham D Heath

3 Jacqueline M Barlow

4 Terry Barnard

5 Paul A Barton

6 Kath White

7 Philip Jarvis (C)

8 Mark Elvers

Rung in memory of TDB
