
We welcome Fr Paul as our celebrant this morning. He will also be
celebrating Mass for us on Thursday 25th August and Sunday 28th
August. Thank you, Fr Paul, for your kindness and support to St
Michael\'s.

**Irene Horton\'s Funeral Mass** will take place tomorrow, 22nd
August, at 11 am. Let us come together to thank God for the life of a
dedicated, generous and much loved member of the St Michael\'s family.

**Please pray for the PCC,** who hold a meeting on Thursday 25th
August at which Archdeacon Andrew will be discussing our interregnum.

**Fr Neil and Elizabeth** are now settling into their new home in
Norfolk. Please pray for them as they begin the next chapter of their
life and ministry.

A small but enthusiastic party from St Michael\'s travelled to St Albans
for the **Richborough Family Day.** Despite the rail strike there was a
large congregation in the Cathedral, and beforehand we met a generous
and welcoming guide who demonstrated how some of the medieval wall
paintings in the Abbey -- among them one of St Thomas of Canterbury --
could, with the help of projections incorporating painstaking research,
now be seen almost as they originally were. Wonderful!

In his sermon at this memorable Mass of the Holy Name of Jesus, Bishop
Norman used the story of Rumpelstiltskin to remind us that supposed
magic formulas for re-packaging and marketing the Christian message were
a kind of modern gnosticism, were no substitute for simply pointing to
the life and person of Jesus, and might well be doomed, like
Rumpelstiltskin, to tear themselves to pieces in the end.

In his garden later in the day, when we had enjoyed our picnics and the
Bishop\'s wine, the Bishop led us in a Bible Study based on 1Peter
1:13-16, pointing out that readiness for action, discipline, reliance on
grace, and obedience were marks of the holy life to which Catholic
Christians are called. He implied delicately (without actually saying
so) that we might find this brief session more to the point than some of
the Bible studies on the same Epistle that he had lately attended in the
course of the Lambeth Conference.

It was good to be able to greet members of other SSC parishes and hear
snippets of their news -- for example, that a new priest was about to be
appointed to our neighbour parishes of Deal and Ramsgate (STOP PRESS:
his name is Fr Angus Beattie). Many thanks to Bishop Norman for
organising a wonderful day.

**More Richborough news:** Bishop Norman reminds us of the **Holy Land
Pilgrimage** planned for November 2023. Visit the Richborough website,
or speak to Eleanor.

The 2023 **Richborough Family Day will be held at St Albans** in the
first week of August next year, but **a separate event is also planned
for Canterbury.** Watch this space! - and please, St Michael\'s family,
make a special effort to support this when it happens. Bishop Norman
will be retiring before long, and joining him at Canterbury would be a
good way to show our appreciation of his pastoral concern for our
parish. In addition, a **Richborough weekend pilgrimage to Walsingham**
is planned for September 2023. People whose commitments made last
week\'s five-day pilgrimage to Walsingham unfeasible, do watch out for
next year\'s details. Walsingham is a treasure offered to all of us -- a
treasure well worth unpacking if you haven\'t yet experienced it. We
thank fellow-pilgrims from other parishes who last week assured us of
their prayers for St Michael\'s.

**Mothers\' Union** members - and others who are aware of the "**A**way
**F**rom **I**t **A**ll" seaside holidays arranged by the MU for
families in difficult circumstances -- will like to know that among the
pilgrims at Walsingham last week was someone who had accompanied this
year\'s AFIA holiday as a volunteer, and was able to report at first
hand how well it went, and how much it meant, for the 9 families who
took part (the ice cream money, in particular, was well spent!). She
also reports that there is real concern about whether a holiday of this
kind will be financially possible next summer. If you would like to know
more, and perhaps contribute for next year, please contact Daphne
Tester.

