**JULY 24th 2022 -- ST JAMES**

**First Reading: Acts 11:27-12:3**

At that time prophets came down from Jerusalem to Antioch. One of them
named Agabus stood up and predicted by the Spirit that there would be a
severe famine over all the world; and this took place during the reign
of Claudius. The disciples determined that according to their ability,
each would send relief to the believers living in Judea; this they did,
sending it to the elders by Barnabas and Saul.

About that time King Herod laid violent hands upon some who belonged to
the church. He had James, the brother of John, killed with the sword.
After he saw that it pleased the Jews, he proceeded to arrest Peter
also. (This was during the festival of Unleavened Bread.)

**Psalm 126**

***Those who are sowing in tears will sing when they reap.***

When the Lord delivered Zion from bondage,

it seemed like a dream.

Then was our mouth filled with laughter,

on our lips there were songs.

*Those who are sowing in tears will sing when they reap.*

The heathens themselves said: 'What marvels

the Lord worked for them!'

What marvels the Lord worked for us!

Indeed we were glad.

*Those who are sowing in tears will sing when they reap.*

Deliver us, O Lord, from our bondage

as streams in dry land.

Those who are sowing in tears

will sing when they reap.

*Those who are sowing in tears will sing when they reap.*

They go out, they go out, full of tears,

carrying seed for the sowing:

they come back, they come back, full of song,

carrying their sheaves.

*Those who are sowing in tears will sing when they reap.*

**Second Reading: 2 Corinthians 4: 7-15**

We are only the earthenware jars that hold this treasure, to make it
clear that such an overwhelming power comes from God and not from us. We
are in difficulties on all sides, but never cornered; we see no answer
to our problems, but never despair; we have been persecuted, but never
deserted; knocked down, but never killed; always, wherever we may be, we
carry with us in our body the death of Jesus, so that the life of Jesus,
too, may always be seen in our body. Indeed, while we are still alive,
we are consigned to our death every day, for the sake of Jesus, so that
in our mortal flesh the life of Jesus, too, may be openly shown. So
death is at work in us, but life in you.

But as we have the same spirit of faith that is mentioned in scripture
-- *I believed, and therefore I spoke* -- we too believe and therefore
we too speak, knowing that he who raised the Lord Jesus to life will
raise us with Jesus in our turn, and put us by his side and you with us.
You see, all this is for your benefit, so that the more grace is
multiplied among people, the more thanksgiving there will be, to the
glory of God.

**Gospel: Matthew 20: 20-28**

**The mother of the sons of Zebedee came to Jesus with her sons to make
a request of him, and bowed low; and he said to her, 'What is it you
want?' She said to him, 'Promise that these two sons of mine may sit one
at your right hand and the other at your left in your kingdom.' 'You do
not know what you are asking' Jesus answered. 'Can you drink the cup
that I am going to drink?' They replied, 'We can.' 'Very well,' he said
'you shall drink my cup, but as for seats at my right hand and my left,
these are not mine to grant; they belong to those to whom they have been
allotted by my Father.'**

When the other ten heard this they were indignant with the two brothers.
But Jesus called them to him and said, 'You know that among the pagans
the rulers lord it over them, and their great men make their authority
felt. This is not to happen among you. No; anyone who wants to be great
among you must be your servant, and anyone who wants to be first among
you must be your slave, just as the Son of Man came not to be served but
to serve, and to give his life as a ransom for many.'

***Please take this sheet with you when you leave the church***

