
Today we welcome Fr Derek as our celebrant. On Sunday 21st August our
celebrant will be Fr Paul. Warmest thanks to them both for their time
and their pastoral concern for the St Michael\'s family. **Please note:
there will be NO MASS this Thursday, 19th August.**

Urgent: We simply must have someone who can act as "Halls Manager" and
deal with enquiries and bookings. Last week we had to turn away an
enquirer because there was no one to handle her booking. Without the
hall lettings our church will cease to be financially viable. Please,
please ask yourself: could God be calling **you** to help St Michael\'s
in this way?

**Mothers\' Union:**

**First, thank you** to Daphne for producing the lovely flower
arrangement beside the Mothers\' Union banner, reminding us of Mary
Sumner Day on August 9th. We give thanks for the work of the MU,
praying that God will bless and guide our own branch and its
members**.** It isn\'t too late to make Mary Sumner\'s prayer our own:

***All this day, O Lord, let me touch as many lives as possible for
thee; and every life I touch, do thou by thy Spirit quicken, whether
through the word I speak, the prayer I breathe, or the life I live.
Amen*.**

**Second, don\'t forget** the MU pop-up afternoon tea at Boughton
Monchelsea on Saturday 20th. Â£10 per person. **All welcome** - contact
Daphne (686463) for details.

**Please pray** **for Pilgrims....** from Society parishes in this
diocese, on pilgrimage at Walsingham this week (including Fr Paul), and
for Fr Derek on his visit to Oberammergau.

**News from the Tower:** Bellringer Chloe is coming to the end of her
training and will before long be joining her first ship. She was quickly
found to be especially good at handling ropes! We wish her every
blessing and happiness in her chosen career.

**Kent County Association -** [**Maidstone**,
**Kent**](https://dove.cccbr.org.uk/detail.php?tower=12644#_blank)**, St
Michael and All Angels:**

Friday, 5 August 2022 in 40m (6--1--24 in C)

**1440 Carlisle Surprise Minor**

1Laura Byrne

2Jacqueline Barlow

3Janice Byrne

4Stephen Coaker (C)

5Pam Thomas

6Neil Jones

A belated birthday compliment to Phil Barnes and Mike Birkbeck.

Sunday, 7 August 2022 in 42m (6--1--24 in C)

**1440 Chester Surprise Minor**

1Janice Byrne

2Jacqueline Barlow

3Laura Byrne

4Mark Elvers

5Stephen Coaker (C)

6Neil Jones

A get well soon compliment to Peter Dale.

**Congratulations** to Treasurer Nelly on her recent exam success!

