**Sunday August 14th -- The Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary.**

  ----------------------------
  First reading
  Apocalypse 11:19,12:1-6,10
  ----------------------------

#### A great sign appeared in heaven: a woman adorned with the sun

The sanctuary of God in heaven opened and the ark of the covenant could
be seen inside it. 

Now a great sign appeared in heaven: a woman, adorned with the sun,
standing on the moon, and with the twelve stars on her head for a crown.
She was pregnant, and in labour, crying aloud in the pangs of
childbirth. Then a second sign appeared in the sky, a huge red dragon
which had seven heads and ten horns, and each of the seven heads crowned
with a coronet. Its tail dragged a third of the stars from the sky and
dropped them to the earth, and the dragon stopped in front of the woman
as she was having the child, so that he could eat it as soon as it was
born from its mother. The woman brought a male child into the world, the
son who was to rule all the nations with an iron sceptre, and the child
was taken straight up to God and to his throne, while the woman escaped
into the desert, where God had made a place of safety ready.

Then I heard a voice shout from heaven, 'Victory and power and empire
for ever have been won by our God, and all authority for his Christ.'

  -----------------------
  Responsorial Psalm
  Psalm 44(45):10-12,16
  -----------------------

***On your right stands the queen, in garments of gold.***

The daughters of kings are among your loved ones.

On your right stands the queen in gold of Ophir.

Listen, O daughter, give ear to my words:

forget your own people and your father's house.

***On your right stands the queen, in garments of gold.***

So will the king desire your beauty:

He is your lord, pay homage to him.

They are escorted amid gladness and joy;

they pass within the palace of the king.

***On your right stands the queen, in garments of gold.***

  ------------------------
  Second reading
  1 Corinthians 15:20-26
  ------------------------

#### Christ will be brought to life as the first-fruits and then those who belong to him

Christ has been raised from the dead, the first-fruits of all who have
fallen asleep. Death came through one man and in the same way the
resurrection of the dead has come through one man. Just as all men die
in Adam, so all men will be brought to life in Christ; but all of them
in their proper order: Christ as the first-fruits and then, after the
coming of Christ, those who belong to him. After that will come the end,
when he hands over the kingdom to God the Father, having done away with
every sovereignty, authority and power. For he must be king until he has
put all his enemies under his feet, and the last of the enemies to be
destroyed is death, for everything is to be put under his feet.

**Gospel: Luke 1: 39-56**

