**TRINITY 11 Hymns 385, 475, 273, 361**

Then Joseph could no longer control himself before all those who stood
by him, and he cried out, 'Send everyone away from me.' So no one stayed
with him when Joseph made himself known to his brothers. And he wept so
loudly that the Egyptians heard it, and the household of Pharaoh heard
it. Joseph said to his brothers, 'I am Joseph. Is my father still
alive?' But his brothers could not answer him, so dismayed were they at
his presence.

Then Joseph said to his brothers, 'Come closer to me.' And they came
closer. He said, 'I am your brother Joseph, whom you sold into
Egypt. And now do not be distressed, or angry with yourselves, because
you sold me here; for God sent me before you to preserve life. For the
famine has been in the land these two years; and there are five more
years in which there will be neither ploughing nor harvest. God sent me
before you to preserve for you a remnant on earth, and to keep alive for
you many survivors. So it was not you who sent me here, but God; he has
made me a father to Pharaoh, and lord of all his house and ruler over
all the land of Egypt. Hurry and go up to my father and say to him,
"Thus says your son Joseph, God has made me lord of all Egypt; come down
to me, do not delay. You shall settle in the land of Goshen, and you
shall be near me, you and your children and your children's children, as
well as your flocks, your herds, and all that you have. I will provide
for you there---since there are five more years of famine to come---so
that you and your household, and all that you have, will not come to
poverty." And now your eyes and the eyes of my brother Benjamin see that
it is my own mouth that speaks to you. You must tell my father how
greatly I am honoured in Egypt, and all that you have seen. Hurry and
bring my father down here.' Then he fell upon his brother Benjamin's
neck and wept, while Benjamin wept upon his neck. And he kissed all his
brothers and wept upon them; and after that his brothers talked with
him.

**RESPONSORIAL PSALM 133 Response: How good it is when brothers dwell in
unity!**

Behold, how good and pleasant it is when brothers dwell in unity!

It is like the precious oil upon the head, running down upon the beard.
**R**

It is like the dew of Hermon, which falls on the mountains of Zion,

For there the Lord has commanded the blessing, life for evermore. **R**

**SECOND READING Romans 11.1-2a,29-32** I ask, then, has God rejected
his people? By no means! I myself am an Israelite, a descendant of
Abraham, a member of the tribe of Benjamin. God has not rejected his
people whom he foreknew. For the gifts and the calling of God are
irrevocable. Just as you were once disobedient to God but have now
received mercy because of their disobedience, so they have now been
disobedient in order that, by the mercy shown to you, they too may now
receive mercy. For God has imprisoned all in disobedience so that he may
be merciful to all.

**GOSPEL Matthew 15.21-28** Jesus left that place and went away to the
district of Tyre and Sidon. Just then a Canaanite woman from that region
came out and started shouting, 'Have mercy on me, Lord, Son of David; my
daughter is tormented by a demon.' But he did not answer her at all. And
his disciples came and urged him, saying, 'Send her away, for she keeps
shouting after us.' He answered, 'I was sent only to the lost sheep of
the house of Israel.' But she came and knelt before him, saying, 'Lord,
help me.' He answered, 'It is not fair to take the children's food and
throw it to the dogs.' She said, 'Yes, Lord, yet even the dogs eat the
crumbs that fall from their masters' table.' Then Jesus answered her,
'Woman, great is your faith! Let it be done for you as you wish.' And
her daughter was healed instantly.

***Could you pass on this sheet to someone else who might like to see
it?***

***NEWS FROM ST MICHAEL\'S***

***A very warm welcome*** to any new readers, and to visitors and
newcomers to St Michael\'s. A special welcome and thanks to Fr Paul
Matthias, our celebrant this morning, who will also kindly be saying
Mass for us on **Thursday (St Bartholomew\'s Day) at 10.30 am.** If you
are new to St Michael\'s, do join us in the Vestry Hall after the
service, so that we can welcome you properly.

**Fr Paul Gibbons:** Members of our present congregation, whether or not
they knew him, have reason to be aware of the long and dedicated
ministry here of Fr Paul Gibbons. In particular, when we look at our
icons or listen to our bells, we should remember him with thanksgiving.
His generous concern for St Michael\'s found its final expression in a
legacy, for which our appreciation has now been conveyed to his
executor. As his year\'s mind (25th August) approaches, we pray: May
Fr Paul rest in peace and rise in glory.

**Renewed thanks** to all involved in redecorating the Vestry Hall,
whose combined efforts are producing most encouraging results. It isn\'t
too late to offer further help -- please speak to Paul or Martyn.

**Why do we....?** Fr Paul will soon be providing a chance to discover
more, or refresh our memories, about what we believe and how it is
expressed and embodied in what we do in church. If you might like to be
part of a group exploring this aspect of our faith, please speak to Fr
Paul about it. **If you are thinking of becoming a server, please speak
to him about that, too -- we need more servers!**

**Richborough Family Pilgrimage to Walsingham** -- Friday 8th to
Sunday 10th September, led by Bishop Norman. Book direct with the
Accommodation Office (01328 820239), mentioning "Richborough Family
Pilgrimage". Bishop Norman, former vicar of that very parish, is an
inspiring pilgrimage leader. If you wonder why people go to Walsingham
-- ask anyone who has been, including those of us who have just come
back! A teenager on a recent youth pilgrimage said she could "feel God
right next to me."

**Looking ahead: Saturday, September 9th, 10 am -- 4 pm, is a Heritage
Open Day.** We want our local community -- and visitors from further
afield -- to enjoy the lovely Angel Windows in this listed building,
and, God willing, to get a sense of the beauty of holiness as St
Michael\'s tries to show it. We need volunteers to bake cakes/biscuits,
make tea and coffee, welcome visitors and act as stewards, answer
questions, and sign-in the Ride and Stride participants -- including
Catherine - who will be doing their sponsored walk or cycle-ride on the
same day in aid of the Friends of Kent Churches. This is a precious
opportunity to develop our community links and to encourage more people
to get to know St Michael\'s - and what it stands for. **Please sign the
list of helpers at the back of church!**

**Ride & Stride on 9th September** will number Catherine among its
Riders. Please look for the yellow form at the back of church if you
would like to sponsor her. Her Riding (around as many participating
churches as she can on the day) will benefit the Friends of Kent
Churches, but there is a welcome rake-off for her parish church as well.
**Do give Catherine your support.**

**A chance to help the Royal National Lifeboat Institution!** There is
now a box for used stamps at the back of church -- please bring yours
along. Don\'t try to detach them from the envelopes -- about an inch of
paper all round the stamp is desirable, if possible.

**From Our Tower (Kent County Association: [Maidstone,
Kent](https://dove.cccbr.org.uk/tower/12644#_blank); St Michael and All
Angels)**

Sunday, 13 August 2023 in 41m (6--1--24 in C)

**1250** **Cambridge Surprise Major**

1. Neil Jones
2. Graham Heath
3. Jacqueline Barlow
4. Paul Barton
5. Philip Jarvis
6. Mark Elvers
7. Stephen Coaker (C) 
8. Rona Joiner

A birthday compliment to Janice Byrne.

**Please note:** The peal rung on Friday, August 11th, was in memory
also of Josephine Heath (7/8/22) - RIP.

**The Princess Project** began in Maidstone and is now helping
disadvantaged mums all over Kent. It\'s holding an Open Day at the URC
Church Hall on Friday, 8th September, 10am-2pm. The Project is opening
2 new hubs and is seeking more helpers who can advise and support mums
in difficulties; it\'s always keen, too, to hear from mums who need
help. Find out more at <hello@princessproject.co.uk>.

A FREE **"Back to School" Event** at Canterbury Cathedral takes place on
September 16th, 10 am -12 noon. It should appeal chiefly to families
with children aged 4-11. Book via the Cathedral website.
