
*A very warm welcome* to any new readers, and to visitors and newcomers
to St Michael\'s. A special welcome and thanks to Fr Paul, our celebrant
this morning, who will also kindly be saying Mass for us on Thursday --
Ascension Day - at 10.30 am. If you are new to St Michael\'s, do join us
in the Vestry Hall after the service, so that we can welcome you
properly.

**Ascension Day:** Please note that the 10.30 am Thursday Mass this week
is our Ascension Day Mass. If you are not at work, why not come and
celebrate this very important feast day?

**Thank you to everyone** whose generous contributions of food, drink,
decorating and hard work delivered such an enjoyable Coronation
celebration lunch last Sunday, and particular thanks to Alison Ponter
for drawing it all together.

**The PCC meets on Wednesday 24th May.** Any apologies, or items to be
included in the Agenda, to Vice-Chairman Paul Jones, please.

**"As I was going to Strawberry Fair..."** What can we do to encourage
the customers to come to our Strawberry Fair on Saturday afternoon, July
1st? The strawberry teas will be the central attraction, but what other
ideas can we suggest -- and put into operation -- to entertain those who
come, and make some extra money? Sara will be most grateful for ideas
and offers of help - tombola prizes, raffle prizes, home-made goodies,
publicising, and, of course, setting-up and washing-up. Please contact
Sara on 07837 919761 or email <sara_pointer@msn.com>.

**First impressions matter...** Coming into an unfamiliar church for the
first time can be difficult -- especially for a newcomer who may have
little experience of churches, or who may never have visited a church
that does things in quite the way St Michael\'s does. A person at the
back of the church who can welcome newcomers, show them which book is
which and direct them towards the refreshments after Mass is doing a
hugely important job. Can YOU volunteer to take on this job
occasionally? If so, do speak to Jonathan or Paul. NB If a newcomer
comes to sit in a nearby pew, particularly if he or she has arrived late
and may not have picked up books, we can all offer help if it seems to
be needed. People would generally rather have too much help than too
little, and a bit of friendly concern can mean such a lot.

**A Fashion Show with a Difference! MADM (local charity Making a
Difference Maidstone)** **is organising a Fashion Show of formal/bridal
wear at MidKent College on 26th May.** All the outfits shown will be
secondhand -- a chance to address the cost of living crisis, to
encourage recycling, to raise money for MADM -- and to see how glamorous
a quality second-hand fashion item can be! Refreshments will be
available, admission is free, and donations on the day will be much
appreciated. There is actually going to be a **pop-up shop!** There will
be two sessions -12.30 pm and 2 pm -- and you can make sure of a place
if you reserve your **free ticket** by scanning the QR code on the
poster in the narthex. This show will go on for just under an hour and
is in our own locality (Oakwood Road) -- do support it if you can!

***Could you pass this sheet on to someone else who might like to see
it?***
