**SUNDAY 1 JANUARY - THE NAMING OF JESUS HYMNS: 40, 33, 39, 31**

 

**FIRST READING: Numbers 6.22--27**

The LORD spoke to Moses, saying, 'Speak to Aaron and his sons, saying,
"Thus you shall bless the Israelites: You shall say to them,

The LORD bless you and keep you; the LORD make his face to shine upon
you and be gracious to you; the LORD lift up his countenance upon you,
and give you peace."

So they shall put my name on the Israelites, and I will bless them.'

 

**RESPONSORIAL PSALM 8**

 **R** **Your name, O Lord, is exalted in all the world!**

 1 O Lord our governor, how exalted is your name in all the world!

2 Out of the mouths of infants and children your majesty is praised
above the heavens.

3 You have set up a stronghold against your adversaries, to quell the
enemy and the avenger. **R**

4 When I consider your heavens, the work of your fingers,

the moon and the stars you have set in their courses,

5 What are mortals, that you should be mindful of them?

mere human beings, that you should seek them out?

6 You have made them little lower than the angels; you adorn them with
glory and honour. **R**

7 You give them mastery over the works of your hands; and put all things
under their feet,

8 All sheep and oxen, even the wild beasts of the field,

9 The birds of the air, the fish of the sea, and whatsoever walks in the
paths of the sea.

10 O Lord our governor, how exalted is your name in all the world! **R**

 

**SECOND READING: Galatians 4.4--7**

 When the fullness of time had come, God sent his Son, born of a woman,
born under the law, in order to redeem those who were under the law, so
that we might receive adoption as children. And because you are
children, God has sent the Spirit of his Son into our hearts, crying,
'Abba! Father!' So you are no longer a slave but a child, and, if a
child, then also an heir, through God.

 

**GOSPEL: Luke 2.15--21**

When the angels had left them and gone into heaven, the shepherds said
to one another, 'Let us go now to Bethlehem and see this thing that has
taken place, which the Lord has made known to us.'

So they went with haste and found Mary and Joseph, and the child lying
in the manger. When they saw this, they made known what had been told
them about this child; and all who heard it were amazed at what the
shepherds told them. But Mary treasured all these words and pondered
them in her heart. The shepherds returned, glorifying and praising God
for all they had heard and seen,

as it had been told them.

After eight days had passed, it was time to circumcise the child; and he
was called Jesus, the name given by the angel.

***Could you pass this sheet on to someone else who might like to see
it?***

