
***A warm welcome*** to any new readers, and to visitors and newcomers
to St Michael\'s, on this third Sunday of Epiphany, the season when we
thank God for revealing His glory not only to the Jewish people but to
all nations. We give thanks for the recovery of Fr Paul and welcome him
back; he will also kindly celebrate Mass for us on **Thursday at 10.30
am**. If you are new to St Michael\'s, please join us for tea or coffee
in the Vestry Hall after Mass, so that we can welcome you properly.

**A Quiet Day! "**Then He said to them, \"Come away, all of you, to a
quiet place, and rest awhile.\" For there were many coming and going, so
that they had no time even to eat.**" (Mark 6: 31) Does this invitation
strike a chord? Life can be stressful for us all, as individuals and as
a parish. At their last meeting, the PCC decided to plan towards a Lent
Quiet Day - a time of rest, reflection and compass-setting - in which
every member of the congregation is also invited to take part. The
likely date is Saturday, March 25th, the likely place The Friars at
Aylesford. Further details remain to be worked out, but do please
register an interest by speaking to Jonathan, Paul or Eleanor.**

**Congratulations** to former St Michael\'s choirboy Dylan, recently
admitted to the Foundation of Rochester Cathedral at Cathedral Evensong,
in the presence of the Dean and the Headmaster of the King\'s School --
and of Ralph, who was in the congregation.

**The Garden Working Party** (frustrated by the weather last time it was
due to meet) will try again, weather permitting, from 9.30 to 12 noon on
Saturday, January 28^th,^ All helpers welcome -- please speak to Martyn
for further information.

**Work on our East Window** will now begin on 1st February if all goes
well.

**Bishop Philip North** preached memorably during our parish pilgrimage
to Walsingham in 2019, and those who heard him will be among the many
who rejoice at this month\'s announcement that he is now to be Bishop of
Blackburn. This appointment shows -- and should help to ensure -- that
mutual flourishing is an actuality, not just an aspiration. A rewarding
selection of Bishop Philip\'s talks and writings can be found at
<https://www.blackburn.anglican.org/bishop-philip>.

**The Consecration of the Bishop of Oswestry** takes place at Canterbury
on Thursday, 2nd February; there will therefore be no Mass at St
Michael\'s that day. Do come and celebrate Candlemas in Canterbury
Cathedral! Ask Eleanor about lifts.

***Living in Love and Faith*** will be discussed by General Synod next
month. Last week\'s response to it by the College of Bishops,
reaffirming the doctrine of marriage as the Church of England has
received it while recognising, penitently, the destructiveness of
prejudice, and proposing prayers of blessing for same-sex couples, is
now in turn the subject of a pastoral letter from the Bishop of Dover,
in which she writes, "However challenging we may find life together, it
is unChristlike for us to use our diversity as an excuse for separation
and withdrawal from one another. Our Lord's command is to love and serve
one another....In him, our messy offerings may become a blessing to one
another and to our world."

**Opportunities to make a difference! Do you know the right people for
these jobs -- or might you be one of the right people yourself?**

The adventurous new **St Faith\'s Centre** in Maidstone is looking for a
Centre Manager. Details from Rose Henn-Macrae, 07970 883785.

**Emerge Advocacy,** a charitable organisation whose members provide
support for people who have been in hospital after episodes of
self-harm, are expanding their activity in Kent and would like to hear
from anyone in Maidstone who might be interested in working with them.
Details at
[www.emergeadvocacy/jobs](http://www.emergeadvocacy/jobs#_blank).

***Could you pass this sheet on to someone else who might like to see
it?***
