**EASTER MORNING 2023 Hymns *New English Hymnal* 110, 101, 107, 117**

**FIRST READING Acts 10.34-43** Then Peter began to speak to them: 'I
truly understand that God shows no partiality, but in every nation
anyone who fears him and does what is right is acceptable to him. You
know the message he sent to the people of Israel, preaching peace by
Jesus Christ---he is Lord of all. That message spread throughout Judea,
beginning in Galilee after the baptism that John announced: how God
anointed Jesus of Nazareth with the Holy Spirit and with power; how he
went about doing good and healing all who were oppressed by the devil,
for God was with him. We are witnesses to all that he did both in Judea
and in Jerusalem. They put him to death by hanging him on a tree; but
God raised him on the third day and allowed him to appear, not to all
the people but to us who were chosen by God as witnesses, and who ate
and drank with him after he rose from the dead. He commanded us to
preach to the people and to testify that he is the one ordained by God
as judge of the living and the dead. All the prophets testify about him
that everyone who believes in him receives forgiveness of sins through
his name.'

**RESPONSORIAL PSALM 118**

**Response: This day was made by the Lord: we rejoice and are glad**.

Give thanks to the Lord for he is good: for his love has no end.   
Let the sons of Israel say: "His love has no end." **R.**

The Lord's right hand has triumphed; his right hand raised me up.   
I shall not die: I shall live: and recount his deeds. **R.**

The stone which the builders rejected: has become the corner stone.   
This is the work of the Lord: a marvel in our eyes. **R.**

**SECOND READING Colossians 3.1-4** So if you have been raised with
Christ, seek the things that are above, where Christ is, seated at the
right hand of God. Set your minds on things that are above, not on
things that are on earth, for you have died, and your life is hidden
with Christ in God. When Christ who is your life is revealed, then you
also will be revealed with him in glory.

**GOSPEL John 20.1-18** Early on the first day of the week, while it was
still dark, Mary Magdalene came to the tomb and saw that the stone had
been removed from the tomb. So she ran and went to Simon Peter and the
other disciple, the one whom Jesus loved, and said to them, 'They have
taken the Lord out of the tomb, and we do not know where they have laid
him.' Then Peter and the other disciple set out and went towards the
tomb. The two were running together, but the other disciple outran Peter
and reached the tomb first. He bent down to look in and saw the linen
wrappings lying there, but he did not go in. Then Simon Peter came,
following him, and went into the tomb. He saw the linen wrappings lying
there, and the cloth that had been on Jesus' head, not lying with the
linen wrappings but rolled up in a place by itself. Then the other
disciple, who reached the tomb first, also went in, and he saw and
believed; for as yet they did not understand the scripture, that he must
rise from the dead. Then the disciples returned to their homes. But Mary
stood weeping outside the tomb. As she wept, she bent over to look into
the tomb; and she saw two angels in white, sitting where the body of
Jesus had been lying, one at the head and the other at the feet. They
said to her, 'Woman, why are you weeping?' She said to them, 'They have
taken away my Lord, and I do not know where they have laid him.' When
she had said this, she turned round and saw Jesus standing there, but
she did not know that it was Jesus. Jesus said to her, 'Woman, why are
you weeping? For whom are you looking?' Supposing him to be the
gardener, she said to him, 'Sir, if you have carried him away, tell me
where you have laid him, and I will take him away.' Jesus said to her,
'Mary!' She turned and said to him in Hebrew, 'Rabbouni!' (which means
Teacher). Jesus said to her, 'Do not hold on to me, because I have not
yet ascended to the Father. But go to my brothers and say to them, "I am
ascending to my Father and your Father, to my God and your God."' Mary
Magdalene went and announced to the disciples, 'I have seen the Lord';
and she told them that he had said these things to her.

**Please note: in Eastertide, Mass ends with the *Regina Coeli* -- words
overleaf.**

***ST MICHAEL\'S NEWS***

***Easter greetings and a very warm welcome*** to any new readers, and
to visitors and newcomers to St Michael\'s. A special welcome to Fr
Paul, our celebrant this morning, whose kind and generous ministry to us
during Holy Week we all deeply appreciate. If you are new to St
Michael\'s, do join us for tea or coffee in the Vestry Hall after the
service, so that we can welcome you properly.

**Alleluia! Christ is risen!**

**He is risen indeed! Alleluia!**

From Easter until Pentecost, instead of concluding Mass with the
Angelus, we use the **Regina Coeli:**

Joy to thee, O Queen of Heaven! Alleluia.\
He whom thou wast meet to bear, Alleluia,\
As He promis'd, hath arisen; Alleluia.\
Pour for us to Him thy prayer; Alleluia.

**V** Rejoice and be glad, O Virgin Mary, Alleluia!

**R** For the Lord is risen indeed, Alleluia!

**From our Tower**

**Kent County Association Maidstone, Kent St Michael and All Angels**

Sunday, 26 March 2023 in 40m (6--1--24 in C)

**1272 Cambridge Surprise Minor**

1. Philip Jarvis
2. Jacqueline Barlow
3. Emma Jarvis
4. Mark Elvers
5. Pam Thomas
6. Neil Jones (C)

Rung on the Day of Harriet Monsell, founder of the Community of St John
the Baptist.

1st quarter on new hip: 2.

*(Please, ringers, accept the editor\'s apologies for having to defer
the inclusion of several recent peals; you have been so active that
it\'s hard to keep up!)*

**Our APCM takes place after Mass on April 30th.** Cause for
thanksgiving: a member of our congregation is willing to succeed James
as Safeguarding Officer. Now **please keep praying about our need for a
new Churchwarden** -- preferably two, as the workload is really too
heavy for one person, but is manageable, and even interesting, for two
people plus perhaps one or two deputies. Could God be calling **you,**
or someone you know, to serve our parish in this important way? St
Michael\'s has always been good at teamwork; let\'s have an active,
committed team to prepare for the coming of a new priest. Please pray
that the right priest will respond to our advertisement, and pray also
for our parish and all its office-bearers, present and future.

**Today (Easter Day) we are receiving the Oils** (oil for the sick, oil
of catechumens, oil of chrism) consecrated by Bishop Norman at the
Chrism Mass in Canterbury Cathedral on Tuesday in Holy Week. Bishop
Norman preached an illuminating sermon, focusing on the significance of
anointing -- not least in the forthcoming Coronation service. At the end
of the Mass, the Archbishop of Canterbury delivered a resounding tribute
to him, particularly commending his pastoral dedication to his
widespread flock.

**Warmest thanks** to those who gave their time - and, in some cases,
their vegetation -- to decorate our church for Easter. Do linger and say
a prayer at the **Easter Garden,** lovingly created once again by Lynn
and Alan.

Thanks, too, to all who have contributed in other ways to the beauty of
our worship and the building up of our family life: our sound engineer,
our musicians, our servers, our readers, our gardeners, those who have
cleaned and polished, those who meet and greet, those who have produced
our coffee and cakes..... So often, as Bishop Norman once observed, the
importance of these jobs is recognised only when they are not done.
Thank you, everyone. **Remember: additional helpers are always
welcome!**

***Could you pass on this sheet to someone else who might like to see
it?***
