
***A very warm welcome*** to any new readers, and to visitors and
newcomers to St Michael\'s. A special welcome and thanks to Fr Paul, our
celebrant this morning, who will also kindly be saying Mass for us on
**Thursday at 10.30 am.** If you are new to St Michael\'s, do join us in
the Vestry Hall after the service, so that we can welcome you properly.

**Next Saturday (5th August) is the day of the Richborough Festival at
St Albans.** Mass in the Cathedral at noon, and then bring your own
picnic for lunch in Bishop Norman\'s garden. This is a lovely
opportunity to get together with people from other parishes in the
Richborough family for inspiring liturgy and a convivial picnic, and
also to mark our appreciation of the help and support of Bishop Norman
over a number of years. If going to St Albans by car, could you offer
anyone a lift?

**Thank you** to everyone who has worked to prepare the Vestry Hall for
its re-decoration. Please speak to Martyn or Paul if you are able and
willing to help with the painting later this month.

**An opportunity for this autumn?** Canterbury Diocese is running an
eight-session **"Deepening Discipleship" course** which will take place
on **Wednesday evenings via Zoom**, beginning on 27th September --
thus participants will not be faced with cold and tiring journeys in the
evenings. This course encourages participants to reflect on, and
develop, their Christian life, and it also provides a starting-point for
anyone who is exploring the possibility of undertaking lay ministry.
Applications close on September 13th. Visit [Deepening Discipleship -
Diocese of Canterbury
(canterburydiocese.org)](https://www.canterburydiocese.org/our-life/spirituality-discipleship/explore-discipleship/deepening-discipleship/deepening-discipleship#_blank)
for further information and an application form. (Could God be calling
**you** to serve St Michael\'s as a lay minister?)

**Looking ahead: Saturday, September 9th, 10 am -- 4 pm, is a Heritage
Open Day.** As our church is a listed building, we want our community --
and visitors from further afield -- to be able to enjoy our lovely Angel
Windows, and, God willing, to get a sense of the beauty of holiness as
St Michael\'s tries to show it. We shall need volunteers to bake
cakes/biscuits, make tea and coffee, welcome visitors and act as
stewards, answer questions, and sign in the Ride and Stride participants
-- including Catherine - who will be doing their sponsored walk or
cycle-ride on the same day in aid of the Friends of Kent Churches. This
is an important opportunity to build up our community links and to
encourage people to explore our building - and what it stands for.
**Please put the date in your diary and see how you could help.**

**From our Tower: Our Tower will be welcoming visiting ringers on
Saturday, 12th August, from 3 pm to 4.30 pm,** and we all look forward
to hearing our lovely bells being in action, and being appreciated,
beyond the usual routine.

**We look forward to welcoming Archdeacon Andrew, who will be preaching
at Mass on Sunday, August 13th. It will be good to see him at St
Michael\'s again -- please try to be present to greet him.**

**Bishop Norman will be leading a weekend pilgrimage to Walsingham** for
members of Richborough family parishes, from **Friday 8th to Sunday 10th
September.** To book, please contact the Shrine accommodation office on
01328 820239, indicating when you book that this is for the
**Richborough Family Pilgrimage.** This may be easier for many people to
manage than a midweek pilgrimage, and will also of course be less
expensive. If you have never been to Walsingham and are inclined to be
hesitant, this might be for you. Bishop Norman\'s connection with
Walsingham goes back many years (he was once vicar of that parish), and
a Walsingham pilgrimage under his leadership should prove to be a
spiritual shot in the arm!

**Readers\' List for August -- but please note that at holiday time it
may be all hands on deck....Katja and Eleanor may be "reserves" if you
need an understudy!**

**August 6 (Transfiguration)** OT and Ps Mike Trout, NT Margaret
Gatehouse

**August 13** OT and Ps William Danes-Volkov, NT Catherine Garland

**August 20** OT and Ps Ralph Baldock, NT Alison Heywood

**August 27** OT and Ps Eta/Zangi, NT Paul Jones

**TODAY (Sunday 30th July) is the day of the Barbecue at St
Michael\'s, Harbledown,** which takes place from **3 to 6 pm.** A chance
to get together with people from Resolution parishes in this diocese and
enjoy some excellent Harbledown cooking!
