**SECOND SUNDAY BEFORE ADVENT Hymns 355, 263, 295, 468**

**FIRST READING Zephaniah 1.7,12-18** Be silent before the Lord God! For
the day of the Lord is at hand; the Lord has prepared a sacrifice, he
has consecrated his guests. At that time I will search Jerusalem with
lamps, and I will punish the people who rest complacently on their
dregs, those who say in their hearts, 'The Lord will not do good, nor
will he do harm.' Their wealth shall be plundered, and their houses laid
waste. Though they build houses, they shall not inhabit them; though
they plant vineyards, they shall not drink wine from them. The great day
of the Lord is near, near and hastening fast; the sound of the day of
the Lord is bitter, the warrior cries aloud there. That day will be a
day of wrath, a day of distress and anguish, a day of ruin and
devastation, a day of darkness and gloom, a day of clouds and thick
darkness, a day of trumpet blast and battle cry against the fortified
cities and against the lofty battlements. I will bring such distress
upon people that they shall walk like the blind; because they have
sinned against the Lord, their blood shall be poured out like dust, and
their flesh like dung. Neither their silver nor their gold will be able
to save them on the day of the Lord's wrath; in the fire of his passion
the whole earth shall be consumed; for a full, a terrible end he will
make of all the inhabitants of the earth.

**RESPONSORIAL PSALM 90 *Response:  In every age, O Lord, you have been
our refuge.*\
You turn man back to dust, saying, "Return, O children of men."\
For a thousand years in your sight are as yesterday, now that it is
past,\
or as a watch of the night. *R*\
You make an end of them in their sleep;**

**the next morning they are like the changing grass,\
Which at dawn springs up anew, but by evening wilts and fades. *R*\
Teach us to number our days aright, that we may gain wisdom of heart.\
Return, O LORD! How long? Have pity on your servants! *R*\
Fill us at daybreak with your kindness,**

**that we may shout for joy and gladness all our days.\
And may the gracious care of the Lord our God be ours;\
prosper the work of our hands for us! Prosper the work of our hands!
*R*\
**

**SECOND READING 1 Thessalonians 5.1-11** Now concerning the times and
the seasons, brothers and sisters, you do not need to have anything
written to you. For you yourselves know very well that the day of the
Lord will come like a thief in the night. When they say, 'There is peace
and security', then sudden destruction will come upon them, as labour
pains come upon a pregnant woman, and there will be no escape! But you,
beloved, are not in darkness, for that day to surprise you like a thief;
for you are all children of light and children of the day; we are not of
the night or of darkness. So then, let us not fall asleep as others do,
but let us keep awake and be sober; for those who sleep sleep at night,
and those who are drunk get drunk at night. But since we belong to the
day, let us be sober, and put on the breastplate of faith and love, and
for a helmet the hope of salvation. For God has destined us not for
wrath but for obtaining salvation through our Lord Jesus Christ, who
died for us, so that whether we are awake or asleep we may live with
him. Therefore encourage one another and build up each other, as indeed
you are doing.

**GOSPEL Matthew 25.14-30** 'For it is as if a man, going on a journey,
summoned his slaves and entrusted his property to them; to one he gave
five talents, to another two, to another one, to each according to his
ability. Then he went away. The one who had received the five talents
went off at once and traded with them, and made five more talents. In
the same way, the one who had the two talents made two more talents. But
the one who had received the one talent went off and dug a hole in the
ground and hid his master's money. After a long time the master of those
slaves came and settled accounts with them. Then the one who had
received the five talents came forward, bringing five more talents,
saying, "Master, you handed over to me five talents; see, I have made
five more talents." His master said to him, "Well done, good and
trustworthy slave; you have been trustworthy in a few things, I will put
you in charge of many things; enter into the joy of your master." And
the one with the two talents also came forward, saying, "Master, you
handed over to me two talents; see, I have made two more talents." His
master said to him, "Well done, good and trustworthy slave; you have
been trustworthy in a few things, I will put you in charge of many
things; enter into the joy of your master." Then the one who had
received the one talent also came forward, saying, "Master, I knew that
you were a harsh man, reaping where you did not sow, and gathering where
you did not scatter seed; so I was afraid, and I went and hid your
talent in the ground. Here you have what is yours." But his master
replied, "You wicked and lazy slave! You knew, did you, that I reap
where I did not sow, and gather where I did not scatter? Then you ought
to have invested my money with the bankers, and on my return I would
have received what was my own with interest. So take the talent from
him, and give it to the one with the ten talents. For to all those who
have, more will be given, and they will have an abundance; but from
those who have nothing, even what they have will be taken away. As for
this worthless slave, throw him into the outer darkness, where there
will be weeping and gnashing of teeth."

