
*A very warm welcome* to any new readers, and to visitors and newcomers
to St Michael\'s. A special welcome and thanks to Fr Paul, our celebrant
this morning, who will also kindly be saying Mass for us on Thursday at
10.30 am. If you are new to St Michael\'s, do join us in the Vestry Hall
after the service, so that we can welcome you properly.

**Strawberry Fair, 1st July, 2 -- 4.30 pm!** Last-minute contributions
and offers of help still appreciated -- and, most of all, **please come,
and tell your friends!** **Sara (07837 919761)** is happy to receive
offers or field queries.

**A lorry is leaving for Ukraine in 3 weeks\' time.** Particularly
requested are medical items, bandages, walking aids, household equipment
(including bedding if it\'s good and clean), imperishable food, school
and play items for children, and garden tools for the military (for
digging trenches and for digging graves -- which does bring the
situation home to us, doesn\'t it?) Samantha Bowden of **North Street,
Barming,** is acting as a collection point. Have you anything you would
like to send?

**Readers\' List for July:** Thanks, as ever, to all our readers. If
unable to read on the day listed, please try to arrange a swap with
another reader, or, if in difficulty, contact Eleanor as soon as you
can.

2 July -- OT Mike Trout, NT Eleanor Relle

9 July -- OT Zangi/Eta, NT Margaret Gatehouse

16 July -- OT William Danes-Volkov, NT Paul Jones

23 July -- OT Ralph Baldock, NT Alison Heywood

30 July -- OT Catherine Garland, NT Katja Svarts

**From our Tower: Kent County Association, [Maidstone,
Kent](https://dove.cccbr.org.uk/tower/12644#_blank): St Michael and All
Angels**

Friday, 16 June 2023 in 38m (6--1--24 in C)

**1272 Primrose Surprise Minor**

1. Philip Jarvis
2. Jacqueline Barlow
3. Emma Jarvis
4. Mark Elvers
5. Stephen Coaker (C)
6. Janice Byrne

Rung on the Day of St Richard of Chichester (1253).

**Sunday, 18 June 2023 in 45m (6--1--24 in C)**

**1312 Turramurra Surprise Major**

1. Christopher M Trafford
2. Adam Moore
3. Jacqueline Barlow
4. Mark Elvers
5. Stuart Cox
6. Philip Jarvis
7. Mike Birkbeck
8. Neil Jones (C)

Rung on Fathers\' Day, also the Day of Bernard Mizeki, Apostle of the
Mashona and Martyr (1896).

**Musical Girls?** Alas, this year\'s closing date has just passed --
but if you know any musical girls who live within easy reach of
Canterbury and will be in **year 7 in 2024**, bear in mind that
Canterbury Cathedral will be auditioning for girl choristers next June
as well. The girls sing at services and concerts, and receive music
theory tuition and financial grants for singing lessons. Some of them go
on to hold music awards at school and university. Previous musical
education is good to have, but not a requirement -- the cathedral is
looking for potential. Further information from the Cathedral Music
Dept. No longer do cathedral choristers have to be boys -- though there
continue to be plenty of openings for boy choristers too, as our own
Dylan Elvers has demonstrated at Rochester.

**Blessing of the Fisheries, Folkestone:** Anyone planning to attend
today (Sunday), can look forward not only to a moving ceremony but to a
kind welcome from our friends at St Peter\'s, who always provide a
splendid tea. It\'s also a chance to greet Bishop Norman, who will be
present for the last time. Do note, however, that as today is also Armed
Forces Community Day, you may need extra time to find parking in
Folkestone before heading for The Stade for 2.45 pm.

***Could you pass this sheet on to someone else who might like to see
it?***
