
***A very warm welcome*** to any new readers, and to visitors and
newcomers to St Michael\'s. A special welcome and thanks to Fr Paul, our
celebrant this morning, who will also kindly be saying Mass for us on
**Thursday at 10.30 am.** If you are new to St Michael\'s, do join us in
the Vestry Hall after the service, so that we can welcome you properly.

***Please note that there will be no Mass on Thursday, 17th August, as
Fr Paul will be at Walsingham on pilgrimage during that week.***

**Thank you** to everyone who has been working so hard on the
redecoration of the Vestry Hall, and particular thanks to Trevor
Gatehouse for his advice and help in procuring the materials. The
progress already made does everyone credit, but help will still be
welcome. Please speak to Martyn or Paul if you are able and willing to
join the decorators.

**On Sunday, August 13th, we shall be looking forward to the
Assumption of Our Lady. We look forward also to welcoming Archdeacon
Andrew, who will be preaching at Mass. Please try to be here to join in
our greetings.**

**CALLING ALL AVAILABLE SINGERS! There will be a choir practice on
Friday 11th at 6.15 pm.**

**Looking ahead: Saturday, September 9th, 10 am -- 4 pm, is a Heritage
Open Day.** As our church is a listed building, we want our community --
and visitors from further afield -- to be able to enjoy our lovely Angel
Windows, and, God willing, to get a sense of the beauty of holiness as
St Michael\'s tries to show it. We shall need volunteers to bake
cakes/biscuits, make tea and coffee, welcome visitors and act as
stewards, answer questions, and sign in the Ride and Stride participants
-- including Catherine - who will be doing their sponsored walk or
cycle-ride on the same day in aid of the Friends of Kent Churches. A
parcel of publicity and decorating materials has already arrived from
the organisers. This is an important opportunity to develop our
community links and to encourage people to explore our building - and
what it stands for. **Please put the date in your diary and see how you
could help.**

**From our Tower: Our Tower will be welcoming visiting ringers on
Saturday, 12th August, from 3 pm to 4.30 pm,** and we all look forward
to hearing our lovely bells being in action, and being appreciated,
beyond the usual routine.

***Kent County Association*** [**Maidstone**,
**Kent**](https://dove.cccbr.org.uk/tower/12644#_blank) **St Michael and
All Angels**

Sunday, 16 July 2023 in 44m (6--1--24 in C)

**1260** **Grandsire Triples**

1. Philip Jarvis
2. Shona Clark
3. Jacqueline Barlow
4. Susan Clements
5. Emma Jarvis
6. Graham Heath
7. Neil Jones (C)
8. Mark Elvers

Remembering Irene Horton (12/7/22) and Jeanette Ardley (17/7/2016),
R.I.P..

Bishop Norman will be leading a weekend **pilgrimage to Walsingham** for
members of Richborough family parishes, from Friday 8th to Sunday 10th
September. To book, please contact the Shrine accommodation office
direct on **01328 820239**, indicating when you book that this is for
the **Richborough Family Pilgrimage.** If you have never been to
Walsingham and are inclined to be hesitant, that weekend might be for
you; it will of course be less expensive than a longer pilgrimage, and
would be a chance to "test the water". Bishop Norman\'s connection with
Walsingham goes back many years (he was once vicar of that parish), and
a Walsingham pilgrimage under his leadership should prove to be a
spiritual shot in the arm!

**An opportunity for this autumn?** Canterbury Diocese is running an
eight-session **"Deepening Discipleship"** course which will take place
on Wednesday evenings via Zoom, beginning on 27th September -- thus
participants will not be faced with cold and tiring journeys in the
evenings. This course encourages participants to reflect on, and
develop, their Christian life, and it also provides a starting-point for
anyone who is exploring the possibility of undertaking lay ministry.
Applications close on September 13th. Visit [Deepening Discipleship -
Diocese of Canterbury
(canterburydiocese.org)](https://www.canterburydiocese.org/our-life/spirituality-discipleship/explore-discipleship/deepening-discipleship/deepening-discipleship#_blank)
for further information and an application form. (A chance for personal
growth -- or, indeed, might God be calling **you** to serve St
Michael\'s as a lay minister?)

Meanwhile, **we do need more servers!** Servers (who can be make or
female) have a wonderful opportunity to learn more about the Faith and
the liturgy, as well as having the privilege of making an important
contribution to our worship. Why not speak to Fr Paul about becoming a
server?
