**TRINITY 14 Hymns 346, 439, 282, 449**

**FIRST READING Exodus 12.1-14 The [Lord]{.smallcaps} said to Moses and
Aaron in the land of Egypt: This month shall mark for you the beginning
of months; it shall be the first month of the year for you. Tell the
whole congregation of Israel that on the tenth of this month they are to
take a lamb for each family, a lamb for each household. If a household
is too small for a whole lamb, it shall join its closest neighbour in
obtaining one; the lamb shall be divided in proportion to the number of
people who eat of it. Your lamb shall be without blemish, a year-old
male; you may take it from the sheep or from the goats. You shall keep
it until the fourteenth day of this month; then the whole assembled
congregation of Israel shall slaughter it at twilight. They shall take
some of the blood and put it on the two doorposts and the lintel of the
houses in which they eat it. They shall eat the lamb that same night;
they shall eat it roasted over the fire with unleavened bread and bitter
herbs. Do not eat any of it raw or boiled in water, but roasted over the
fire, with its head, legs, and inner organs. You shall let none of it
remain until the morning; anything that remains until the morning you
shall burn. This is how you shall eat it: your loins girded, your
sandals on your feet, and your staff in your hand; and you shall eat it
hurriedly. It is the passover of the [Lord]{.smallcaps}. For I will pass
through the land of Egypt that night, and I will strike down every
firstborn in the land of Egypt, both human beings and animals; on all
the gods of Egypt I will execute judgements: I am
the [Lord]{.smallcaps}. The blood shall be a sign for you on the houses
where you live: when I see the blood, I will pass over you, and no
plague shall destroy you when I strike the land of Egypt.**

This day shall be a day of remembrance for you. You shall celebrate it
as a festival to the [Lord]{.smallcaps}; throughout your generations you
shall observe it as a perpetual ordinance.

**RESPONSORIAL PSALM 149. Response: Sound praises to the Lord, all the
earth.**

Alleluia. O sing to the Lord a new song; sing his praise in the
congregation of the faithful.

Let Israel rejoice in their maker; let the children of Zion be joyful in
their king. **R.**

Let them praise his name in the dance; let them sing praise to him with
timbrel and lyre.

For the Lord has pleasure in his people and adorns the poor with
salvation. **R.**

Let the faithful be joyful in glory; let them rejoice in their ranks,

With the praises of God in their mouths, and a two-edged sword in their
hands. **R.**

**SECOND READING Romans 13.8-14** Owe no one anything, except to love
one another; for the one who loves another has fulfilled the law. The
commandments, 'You shall not commit adultery; You shall not murder; You
shall not steal; You shall not covet'; and any other commandment, are
summed up in this word, 'Love your neighbour as yourself.' Love does no
wrong to a neighbour; therefore, love is the fulfilling of the law.
Besides this, you know what time it is, how it is now the moment for you
to wake from sleep. For salvation is nearer to us now than when we
became believers; the night is far gone, the day is near. Let us then
lay aside the works of darkness and put on the armour of light; let us
live honourably as in the day, not in revelling and drunkenness, not in
debauchery and licentiousness, not in quarrelling and jealousy. Instead,
put on the Lord Jesus Christ, and make no provision for the flesh, to
gratify its desires.

**GOSPEL Matthew 18.15-20** 'If another member of the church sins
against you, go and point out the fault when the two of you are alone.
If the member listens to you, you have regained that one. But if you are
not listened to, take one or two others along with you, so that every
word may be confirmed by the evidence of two or three witnesses. If the
member refuses to listen to them, tell it to the church; and if the
offender refuses to listen even to the church, let such a one be to you
as a Gentile and a tax-collector. Truly I tell you, whatever you bind on
earth will be bound in heaven, and whatever you loose on earth will be
loosed in heaven. Again, truly I tell you, if two of you agree on earth
about anything you ask, it will be done for you by my Father in heaven.
For where two or three are gathered in my name, I am there among them.'

***\
