
A very warm welcome to any new readers, and to visitors and newcomers to
St Michael\'s. A special welcome and thanks to Fr Paul Matthias, our
celebrant this morning, who will also kindly be saying Mass for us at
10.30 am on Thursday, the feast day of St John of the Cross Everyone is
warmly invited to coffee in the Vestry Hall after Mass. If new to St
Michael\'s, do join us so that we can welcome you properly!

**Nothing to report** about our appointment process, but some
information may be available by the end of the week. Please continue to
pray. Meanwhile, many, many thanks to Fr Paul for celebrating the deeply
prayerful Mass that began the interview day, and to Sue for the amazing
feat of organisation that culminated in a magnificent lunch enjoyed by
everyone. Grateful thanks too to Sacristan Jonathan for the pre-Mass
arrangements, and to all the kind people who contributed to the success
of the lunch by setting-up, cooking, clearing away and transporting food
on behalf of those unable to be present. We have received messages of
thanks from a number of appreciative visitors, and whatever happens in
the end, we feel that St Michael\'s was seen at its best.

**School services:** During this week we shall be welcoming to our
church West Borough School for their Christmas concert and the St
Michael\'s Schools for their Christmas service. **Please, Sunday
worshippers, can you kindly help us maximise space by removing the
kneelers** and packing them into the side pews?

**Our Own Christmas Services:**

**Christmas Eve:** Mass as usual, with Holy Baptism, at 10.30 am. Crib
Service at 4.30 pm. Midnight Mass at 11.30 pm.

**Christmas Morning:** Mass at 10.30 am.

Do let your friends and neighbours know about these services. Last
Christmas, the visitors to St Michael\'s almost outnumbered the
"regulars", which shows what an opportunity this is to encourage others
to join in our worship.

**Helen Grant, MP for Maidstone and The Weald, will be holding a
Surgery** **in the Vestry Hall** on 19th December, 1.30 -- 3.30.

**From Our Tower:**

**Kent County Association, [Maidstone,
Kent](https://dove.cccbr.org.uk/tower/12644#_blank)**

St Michael and All Angels

Sunday, 3 December 2023 in 42m (6--1--24 in C)

**1312** **Spliced Surprise Major** (4m)

352 Rutland; 320 each of Cambridge, Superlative and Yorkshirel; 40 com.

1. Stuart Cox
2. Paul Barton
3. Jacqueline Barlow
4. Philip Jarvis
5. Stephen Coaker (C)
6. Mark Elvers
7. Kath White
8. Michael Birkbeck

Remembering Thomas David Barlow 5/12/96 R.I.P.

Rung on the First Sunday of Advent.

**Among the sick we pray** for Paul\'s continued progress, and for
Margaret, Ellie, Pauline, Rue, Fr Leon, Antony, Fran, Ellie, Tom,
Joseph, Pamela, Valerie, Peter, Joan, Margaret, Lindsay, Glynis, Ethan,
Sarah, Yvonne and Eileen.

**Among the departed we remember** Thomas David Barlow, Dorothy Bagnall,
Sister Joan Michael of the Society of St Margaret, Charles Plummeridge,
Grace Seabrook, Harry Hobbs, Mavis Pharo, and Georg Sadowski.
