
***A very warm welcome*** to any new readers, and to visitors and
newcomers to St Michael\'s. A special welcome and thanks to Fr Paul, our
celebrant this morning, and to our preacher, Archdeacon Andrew Sewell,
who will also be formally inducting Jonathan as our Churchwarden today.
If you are new to St Michael\'s, do join us in the Vestry Hall after the
service, so that we can welcome you properly.

***Please note: no Mass on Thursday, 17th August, as Fr Paul will be
at Walsingham on pilgrimage.***

**Looking ahead: Saturday, September 9th, 10 am -- 4 pm, is a Heritage
Open Day.** We want our local community -- and visitors from further
afield -- to enjoy the lovely Angel Windows in this listed building,
and, God willing, to get a sense of the beauty of holiness as St
Michael\'s tries to show it. We need volunteers to bake cakes/biscuits,
make tea and coffee, welcome visitors and act as stewards, answer
questions, and sign-in the Ride and Stride participants -- including
Catherine - who will be doing their sponsored walk or cycle-ride on the
same day in aid of the Friends of Kent Churches. This is a precious
opportunity to develop our community links and to encourage more people
to get to know St Michael\'s - and what it stands for. **Please sign the
list of helpers at the back of church!**

**Ride & Stride on 9th September** will number Catherine among its
Riders. Please **look for the yellow form** at the back of church if you
would like to sponsor her. Her Riding (around as many participating
churches as she can on the day) will benefit the Friends of Kent
Churches, but there is a welcome rake-off for her parish church as well.
**Do give Catherine your support.**

**Warmest thanks** to all involved in redecorating the Vestry Hall,
whose combined efforts are producing most encouraging results. It isn\'t
too late to offer further help -- please speak to Paul or Martyn.

**Maidstone\'s Eco Hub** at The Mall is open until 8th September --
Thursday, Friday and alternate Wednesdays and Saturdays -- with advice
on sustainable living, wildlife-friendly gardening, money-saving grants
and more, as well as holiday activities for children. Why not drop in?

**The Princess Project** began in Maidstone and is now helping
disadvantaged mums all over Kent. It\'s holding an Open Day at the URC
Church Hall on Friday, 8th September, 10am-2pm. The Project is opening
2 new hubs and is seeking more helpers who can advise and support mums
in difficulties; it\'s always keen, too, to hear from mums who need
help. Find out more at <hello@princessproject.co.uk>.

**Why do we....?** Fr Paul will soon be providing a chance to discover
more, or refresh our memories, about what we believe and how it is
expressed and embodied in what we do in church. If you might like to be
part of a group exploring this aspect of our faith, please speak to Fr
Paul about it. **If you are thinking of becoming a server, please speak
to him about that, too -- we need more servers!**

**Please pray for pilgrims --** particularly for the little party from
St Michael\'s heading for Walsingham this week. If you\'ve never been to
Walsingham and are perhaps hesitant, an upcoming opportunity to "test
the water" is the weekend **Richborough Family Pilgrimage -- Friday
8th to Sunday 10th September,** led by Bishop Norman. Book direct
with the Accommodation Office (01328 820239), mentioning "Richborough
Family Pilgrimage". Bishop Norman, former vicar of that very parish, is
an inspiring pilgrimage leader. If you wonder why people go to
Walsingham -- ask anyone who has been! A teenager on a recent youth
pilgrimage said, she could "feel God right next to me."

***From Our Tower: Kent County Association -*** [**Maidstone**,
**Kent**](https://dove.cccbr.org.uk/tower/12644#_blank)**, St Michael
and All Angels**

**Friday, 11 August 2023 in 41m (6--1--24 in C):** **1260** **Plain Bob
Minor**

1. Jacqueline Barlow
2. Charlotte Elvers
3. Steve Newlands
4. Mark Elvers
5. Janice Byrne
6. Neil Jones (C)

Remembering Jason Orwin (1/8/2020), R.I.P..

**An opportunity for this autumn?** Canterbury Diocese is running an
eight-session **"Deepening Discipleship"** course which will take place
on Wednesday evenings via Zoom, beginning on 27th September -- thus
participants will not be faced with cold and tiring journeys in the
evenings. This course encourages participants to reflect on, and
develop, their Christian life, and it also provides a starting-point for
anyone who is exploring the possibility of undertaking lay ministry.
Applications close on September 13th. Visit
[***Deepening Discipleship - Diocese of Canterbury
(canterburydiocese.org)***](https://www.canterburydiocese.org/our-life/spirituality-discipleship/explore-discipleship/deepening-discipleship/deepening-discipleship#_blank)
for further information and an application form. (A chance for personal
growth -- or, indeed, might God be calling **you** to serve St
Michael\'s as a lay minister?)

**Vacancy news:** Our advertisement will appear again in September.
**Please pray that God will send us a faithful priest.**
