
***A very warm welcome*** to any new readers, and to visitors and
newcomers to St Michael\'s. A special welcome and thanks to Fr Paul
Matthias, our celebrant this morning, who will also kindly be saying
Mass for us on **Thursday at 10.30 am.** If you are new to St
Michael\'s, do join us in the Vestry Hall after the service, so that we
can welcome you properly.

**And welcome to our newly-decorated Vestry Hall!** This represents a
considerable investment of time and energy by several members of the
congregation, and also **generous help from Trevor Gatehouse and from Mr
Dowling of Travis Perkins.** **Thank you, everyone!**

**Confirmation:** It\'s not unusual for adults who missed out on
Confirmation when they were younger to decide that the time has now come
to take this important step in their Christian lives. If you are one of
these, please speak to Fr Paul -- there will be a **Confirmation class**
that you can join this month.

**Why do we....?** Fr Paul will soon be providing a chance to discover
more, or refresh our memories, about what we believe and how it is
expressed and embodied in what we do in church. If you might like to be
part of a group exploring this aspect of our faith, please speak to Fr
Paul about it. **If you are thinking of becoming a server, please speak
to him about that, too -- we need more servers!**

**This Saturday, September 9th, 10 am -- 4 pm, is a Heritage Open
Day.** We want our local community -- and visitors from further afield
-- to enjoy the lovely Angel Windows in this listed building, and, God
willing, to get a sense of the beauty of holiness as St Michael\'s tries
to show it. Thanks to Martyn and Paul, the bunting and banner are
already looking inviting. We need volunteers to bake cakes/biscuits,
make tea and coffee, welcome visitors and act as stewards, answer
questions, and sign-in the Ride and Stride participants -- including
Catherine - who will be doing their sponsored walk or cycle-ride on the
same day in aid of the Friends of Kent Churches. **Can you bake, brew
tea on the day, or just provide a friendly presence for people who may
not often visit a church?** This is a precious opportunity to develop
our community links and to encourage more people to get to know St
Michael\'s - and what it stands for. **Please sign the *green* list of
helpers at the back of church -- and, if you are kindly planning to do
some baking, try to have a word with Alison Ponter, who is kindly
co-ordinating the refreshments.**

**Ride & Stride on September** **9th** will number Catherine among its
Riders. **Please look for the *yellow* form at the back of church if you
would like to sponsor her.** Her Riding (around as many participating
churches as she can on the day) will benefit the Friends of Kent
Churches, but there is a welcome rake-off for her parish church as well.
**Do give Catherine your support.**

**Also on 9th September, 11.30 - 2.30 : Wendy Blackshaw of The Wendy
House** plans **attractions** including a bouncy castle, Princesses\'
Tea (pre-book only for a small charge) and stalls. Further details from
Wendy (07788 180631). Meanwhile in church, **Sara is kindly running a
free Heritage Open Day children\'s activity -- it will be a good day to
invite friends with children to come and explore St Michael\'s!**

**Safeguarding for the young and vulnerable** is an important area of
our church life. PCC members in particular have the duty of ensuring
that our diocesan safeguarding policy is carried out, and that everyone
is encouraged to contribute to a culture that supports it. PCC members
(and others with positions of responsibility), your safeguarding
certificates last for 3 years -- might you need to renew one? I**f in
any doubt, speak to Katja.** But we shouldn\'t leave it just to the PCC
-- the brief online courses entitled *Basic Awareness* and *Foundations*
(each one takes about 90 mins to do) can be found at
<https://www.canterburydiocese.org/safeguarding-training/> and are open
to everyone interested. Why not open an account and explore?

**Cathedral Passes:** After an interval when they seemed to stop
working, Cathedral Passes are now once more available to members of any
church in the diocese. A pass entitles you to unlimited visits to
Canterbury Cathedral and its grounds during opening hours, and if you
sign up to the mailing list you will be kept informed, often before the
official announcement, of forthcoming services, events and activities at
the Cathedral. Please
see [www.canterbury-cathedral.org/cathedral-pass](http://www.canterbury-cathedral.org/cathedralpass)
[ ]{.underline} for details.

This Sunday we see the beginning of the **Season of Creation,** when
Christians are encouraged to give thanks for, and show concern for,
God\'s creation. A variety of information and resources can be found on
<https://seasonofcreation.org/resources/> - an invitation to consider
what we can do to share the earth\'s riches more fairly, to do something
to improve our local environment, or even just to look appreciatively at
our own gardens and make them a welcoming place for other creatures
besides ourselves.

**From Our Tower: Kent County Association** [**Maidstone**,
**Kent**](https://dove.cccbr.org.uk/tower/12644#_blank)**:**

**St Michael and All Angels, Friday, 25 August 2023 in 43m (6--1--24 in
C) 1320** **Fawley Surprise Minor**

1. Emma Jarvis
2. Jacqueline Barlow
3. Philip Jarvis
4. Mark Elvers
5. Pam Thomas
6. Neil Jones (C)

Rung on the Saint\'s Day of Louis of France, 1270.

***Could you pass on this sheet to someone else who might like to see
it?***
