**THE PRESENTATION OF CHRIST 29 January 2023 Hymns 377, 433, 282, 235**

**FIRST READING Malachi 3.1--5** Thus says the LORD God:

See, I am sending my messenger to prepare the way before me, and the
Lord whom you seek will suddenly come to his temple. The messenger of
the covenant in whom you delight -- indeed, he is coming, says the LORD
of hosts. But who can endure the day of his coming, and who can stand
when he appears? For he is like a refiner's fire and like fullers' soap;
he will sit as a refiner and purifier of silver, and he will purify the
descendants of Levi and refine them like gold and silver, until they
present offerings to the LORD in righteousness. Then the offering of
Judah and Jerusalem will be pleasing to the LORD as in the days of old
and as in former years. Then I will draw near to you for judgement; I
will be swift to bear witness against the sorcerers, against the
adulterers, against those who swear falsely, against those who oppress
the hired workers in their wages, the widow, and the orphan, against
those who thrust aside the alien, and do not fear me, says the LORD of
hosts.

**Responsorial Psalm 24. 7--10 R The Lord of hosts, he is the king of
glory.**

Lift up your heads, O gates; lift them high, O everlasting doors; and
the King of glory shall come in.

'Who is this King of glory?' 'The Lord, strong and mighty,the Lord,
mighty in battle.'** R**

Lift up your heads, O gates; lift them high, O everlasting doors; and
the King of glory shall come in.

'Who is he, this King of glory?' 'The Lord of hosts, he is the King of
glory.' **R**

**SECOND READING Hebrews 2.14--18** Since the children share flesh and
blood, Jesus himself likewise shared the same things, so that through
death he might destroy the one who has the power of death, that is, the
devil, and free those who all their lives were held in slavery by the
fear of death. For it is clear that he did not come to help angels, but
the descendants of Abraham. Therefore he had to become like his brothers
and sisters in every respect, so that he might be a merciful and
faithful high priest in the service of God, to make a sacrifice of
atonement for the sins of the people. Because he himself was tested by
what he suffered, he is able to help those who are being tested.

 

**GOSPEL Luke 2.22--40** When the time came for their purification
according to the law of Moses, Mary and Joseph brought Jesus up to
Jerusalem to present him to the Lord. (as it is written in the law of
the Lord, 'Every firstborn male shall be designated as holy to the
Lord'), and they offered a sacrifice according to what is stated in the
law of the Lord, 'a pair of turtle-doves or two young pigeons.' Now
there was a man in Jerusalem whose name was Simeon; this man was
righteous and devout, looking forward to the consolation of Israel, and
the Holy Spirit rested on him. It had been revealed to him by the Holy
Spirit that he would not see death before he had seen the Lord's
Messiah. Guided by the Spirit, Simeon came into the temple; and when the
parents brought in the child Jesus, to do for him what was customary
under the law, Simeon took him in his arms and praised God, saying,

'Master, now you are dismissing your servant in peace,

according to your word;

for my eyes have seen your salvation,

which you have prepared in the presence of all peoples,

a light for revelation to the Gentiles

and for glory to your people Israel.'

And the child's father and mother were amazed at what was being said
about him. Then Simeon blessed them and said to his mother Mary, 'This
child is destined for the falling and the rising of many in Israel, and
to be a sign that will be opposed so that the inner thoughts of many
will be revealed -- and a sword will pierce your own soul too.'

There was also a prophet, Anna the daughter of Phanuel, of the tribe of
Asher. She was of a great age, having lived with her husband seven years
after her marriage, then as a widow to the age of eighty-four. She never
left the temple but worshipped there with fasting and prayer night and
day. At that moment she came, and began to praise God and to speak about
the child to all who were looking for the redemption of Jerusalem. When
they had finished everything required by the law of the Lord, they
returned to Galilee, to their own town of Nazareth.

The child grew and became strong, filled with wisdom; and the favour of
God was upon him.

***Could you pass this sheet on to someone else who might like to see
it?***

