
***A very warm welcome*** to any new readers, and to visitors and
newcomers to St Michael\'s on our Harvest Thanksgiving day. A special
welcome and thanks to Fr Paul Matthias, our celebrant this morning, who
will also kindly be saying Mass for us on **Thursday (when we
commemorate St Wilfrid) at 10.30 am.** Everyone is warmly invited to
**continue our Harvest celebration today with coffee, wine and cake in
the Vestry Hall after Mass.** If new to St Michael\'s, you are
particularly welcome.

**Valerie Brown\'s funeral** will take place in church on Friday, 27th
October, at 12.45 pm, followed by cremation at Vinters Park at 2.45 pm.
There is a card at the back of the church to express our sympathy with
Valerie\'s family in their bereavement. Everyone who remembers Valerie
is invited to sign it. If you would like to write individually,
Catherine G has the address of Valerie\'s daughter Catherine Brown.

**Warmest thanks** to Alison and her helpers for organising such a
wonderful Michaelmas lunch last Sunday, and thanks also to all who
contributed to the splendid array of refreshments. And further thanks to
those who have brought "a little something" today, to make our harvest
celebration special.

T**he St Michael\'s Schools\' Michaelmas-and-harvest service** took
place on Michaelmas Day itself. It was particularly good to see such a
large group of parents in church, and we very much appreciate the
Schools\' letting us add their harvest gifts to our own. Among the
offerings from the Schools, touchingly, was a pack of dog-food "for the
homeless people\'s dogs". **Thank you also to all who have contributed
harvest gifts today;** they will mean so much to people who are in
difficulties in these challenging times. This week all the gifts will be
delivered to the Food Bank in Knightrider Street.

**Our pre-Christmas Fair, on 2nd December from 12 noon to 4 pm,** will
need cake-bakers, jam-makers, plant-growers, craftspeople, prize-donors
- and others, including kindly angels who will give help on the day. It
will also be a better Fair if people contribute bright ideas beforehand.
How could **you** help? Sara will be delighted to hear (in person or on
**07837 919761**) from anyone who is willing to be involved in any way.
Let\'s get together to make it a wonderful day for all concerned!

**The Maidstone Deanery Roadshow at St Luke\'s, Maidstone, on October
16th at 7 pm - what is it?** Deanery Roadshows are a chance for
parishes to learn about the financial plans of the diocese and how they
will affect the deanery and its parishes. Those present can ask
questions and, indeed, make representations about financial matters that
concern them. Recently St Michael\'s has made its presence felt, and its
voice heard, on these occasions. Please note the date and try to come
along.

**Flowers in church:** Members of the congregation sometimes wish to
dedicate a flower arrangement in church in memory of a loved one. If you
would like to do this, please have a word with Margaret G., who can
provide information and help.

**Choral Evensong** often speaks not only to active Anglicans but to
many people whose links with the Church are far less definite.
**Everyone will be welcome at Choral Evensong at St Michael\'s at 5 pm
on Sunday, 29th October,** with a gathered choir conducted by Gareth
James. Do pass the word around!

**From our Tower:**

**Kent County Association:
[Maidstone](https://dove.cccbr.org.uk/tower/12644#_blank)**[,
Kent](https://dove.cccbr.org.uk/tower/12644#_blank), St Michael and All
Angels

Sunday, 1 October 2023 in 42m (6--1--24 in C)

**1296** **Spliced Surprise Minor** (2m)

2m:720 London, 576 Cambridge; 18 com.

1. Jacqueline Barlow
2. Philip Jarvis
3. Mike Birkbeck
4. Mark Elvers
5. Paul Barton
6. Neil Jones (C)

For Michaelmas, and rung on the Saint\'s Day of Remigius, Bishop of
Reims, Apostle of the Franks, 533. Also remembering Valerie Brown, a
faithful member of the congregation, 29/9/2023. R.I.P.

**A Peal** is planned for Monday, 30th October at 2 pm. Probable
duration, 3 hours.

**"But Maidstone people don\'t read." Really?** MADM is ready to help us
disprove this, with lots of pre-loved Christian books available at its
bookshop - 49 Church Street, open 10 am -- 2 pm on Tuesdays, Wednesdays
and Thursdays. Or why not pause at the back of the church and pick up
one of the helpful Church Union leaflets on particular Christian topics
that are on display there? Or join Forward in Faith and receive its
excellent monthly magazine, *New Directions*? Good reading can nourish
our faith and our prayers, as well as helping us to explain to enquirers
what we believe and why.

***Could you pass this sheet on to someone else who might like to see
it?***
