**EASTER MORNING 2023 Hymns *New English Hymnal* 110, 101, 107, 117**

**FIRST READING Acts 10.34-43** Then Peter began to speak to them: 'I
truly understand that God shows no partiality, but in every nation
anyone who fears him and does what is right is acceptable to him. You
know the message he sent to the people of Israel, preaching peace by
Jesus Christ---he is Lord of all. That message spread throughout Judea,
beginning in Galilee after the baptism that John announced: how God
anointed Jesus of Nazareth with the Holy Spirit and with power; how he
went about doing good and healing all who were oppressed by the devil,
for God was with him. We are witnesses to all that he did both in Judea
and in Jerusalem. They put him to death by hanging him on a tree; but
God raised him on the third day and allowed him to appear, not to all
the people but to us who were chosen by God as witnesses, and who ate
and drank with him after he rose from the dead. He commanded us to
preach to the people and to testify that he is the one ordained by God
as judge of the living and the dead. All the prophets testify about him
that everyone who believes in him receives forgiveness of sins through
his name.'

**RESPONSORIAL PSALM 118**

**Response: This day was made by the Lord: we rejoice and are glad**.

Give thanks to the Lord for he is good: for his love has no end.   
Let the sons of Israel say: "His love has no end." **R.**

The Lord's right hand has triumphed; his right hand raised me up.   
I shall not die: I shall live: and recount his deeds. **R.**

The stone which the builders rejected: has become the corner stone.   
This is the work of the Lord: a marvel in our eyes. **R.**

**SECOND READING Colossians 3.1-4** So if you have been raised with
Christ, seek the things that are above, where Christ is, seated at the
right hand of God. Set your minds on things that are above, not on
things that are on earth, for you have died, and your life is hidden
with Christ in God. When Christ who is your life is revealed, then you
also will be revealed with him in glory.

**GOSPEL John 20.1-18** Early on the first day of the week, while it was
still dark, Mary Magdalene came to the tomb and saw that the stone had
been removed from the tomb. So she ran and went to Simon Peter and the
other disciple, the one whom Jesus loved, and said to them, 'They have
taken the Lord out of the tomb, and we do not know where they have laid
him.' Then Peter and the other disciple set out and went towards the
tomb. The two were running together, but the other disciple outran Peter
and reached the tomb first. He bent down to look in and saw the linen
wrappings lying there, but he did not go in. Then Simon Peter came,
following him, and went into the tomb. He saw the linen wrappings lying
there, and the cloth that had been on Jesus' head, not lying with the
linen wrappings but rolled up in a place by itself. Then the other
disciple, who reached the tomb first, also went in, and he saw and
believed; for as yet they did not understand the scripture, that he must
rise from the dead. Then the disciples returned to their homes. But Mary
stood weeping outside the tomb. As she wept, she bent over to look into
the tomb; and she saw two angels in white, sitting where the body of
Jesus had been lying, one at the head and the other at the feet. They
said to her, 'Woman, why are you weeping?' She said to them, 'They have
taken away my Lord, and I do not know where they have laid him.' When
she had said this, she turned round and saw Jesus standing there, but
she did not know that it was Jesus. Jesus said to her, 'Woman, why are
you weeping? For whom are you looking?' Supposing him to be the
gardener, she said to him, 'Sir, if you have carried him away, tell me
where you have laid him, and I will take him away.' Jesus said to her,
'Mary!' She turned and said to him in Hebrew, 'Rabbouni!' (which means
Teacher). Jesus said to her, 'Do not hold on to me, because I have not
yet ascended to the Father. But go to my brothers and say to them, "I am
ascending to my Father and your Father, to my God and your God."' Mary
Magdalene went and announced to the disciples, 'I have seen the Lord';
and she told them that he had said these things to her.

**Please note: in Eastertide, Mass ends with the *Regina Coeli* -- words
overleaf.**

