
***A very warm welcome*** to any new readers, and to visitors and
newcomers to St Michael\'s. A special welcome and thanks to Fr Paul
Matthias, our celebrant this morning, who will also kindly be saying
Mass for us on **Thursday at 10.30 am.** If you are new to St
Michael\'s, do join us in the Vestry Hall after the service, so that we
can welcome you properly.

**Confirmation:** It\'s not unusual for adults who missed out on
Confirmation when they were younger to decide that the time has now come
to take this important step in their Christian lives. If you are one of
these, please speak to Fr Paul -- there will be a **Confirmation class**
that you can join in September.

**Why do we....?** Fr Paul will soon be providing a chance to discover
more, or refresh our memories, about what we believe and how it is
expressed and embodied in what we do in church. If you might like to be
part of a group exploring this aspect of our faith, please speak to Fr
Paul about it. **If you are thinking of becoming a server, please speak
to him about that, too -- we need more servers!**

**Saturday, September 9th, 10 am -- 4 pm, is a Heritage Open Day.** We
want our local community -- and visitors from further afield -- to enjoy
the lovely Angel Windows in this listed building, and, God willing, to
get a sense of the beauty of holiness as St Michael\'s tries to show it.
We need volunteers to bake cakes/biscuits, make tea and coffee, welcome
visitors and act as stewards, answer questions, and sign-in the Ride and
Stride participants -- including Catherine - who will be doing their
sponsored walk or cycle-ride on the same day in aid of the Friends of
Kent Churches. This is a precious opportunity to develop our community
links and to encourage more people to get to know St Michael\'s - and
what it stands for. **Please sign the *green* list of helpers at the
back of church!**

**Ride & Stride on September** **9th** will number Catherine among its
Riders. Please look for the yellow form at the back of church if you
would like to sponsor her. Her Riding (around as many participating
churches as she can on the day) will benefit the Friends of Kent
Churches, but there is a welcome rake-off for her parish church as well.
**Do give Catherine your support (*yellow* form at back of church).**

**Also on September 9th: Wendy of The Wendy House** is planning a
**Princesses\' Tea** in the Vestry Hall. There will be a small charge -
but as there will also be a free children\'s activity in church,
September 9th will be a good day to **invite friends with children to
come and explore St Michael\'s!**

**Looking further ahead: St Michael\'s pre-Christmas Fair** will take
place on **December 2nd.** Please book the date now, and speak to Sara
(07837 919761) with ideas and offers of help. **Don\'t hang back if you
are new to St Michael\'s** -- every idea, every offer of help is
welcomed and appreciated!

**Renewed thanks** to all involved in redecorating the Vestry Hall,
whose combined efforts are producing most encouraging results. It isn\'t
too late to offer further help -- please speak to Paul or Martyn.

**Safeguarding for the young and vulnerable** is an important area of
our church life. PCC members in particular have the duty of ensuring
that our diocesan safeguarding policy is carried out, and that everyone
is encouraged to contribute to a culture that supports it. PCC members,
your safeguarding certificates last for 3 years -- might you need to
renew one? If in any doubt, speak to Katja. But we shouldn\'t leave it
just to the PCC -- the brief online courses entitled *Basic Awareness*
and *Foundations* (each one takes about 90 mins to do) can be found at
<https://www.canterburydiocese.org/safeguarding-training/> and are open
to everyone interested. Why not open an account and explore?

**From our Tower: Kent County Association:** [**Maidstone**,
**Kent**](https://dove.cccbr.org.uk/tower/12644#_blank)**, St Michael
and All Angels**

Sunday, 20 August 2023 in 43m (6--1--24 in C)

**1280** **Uxbridge Surprise Major**

1. Lucy Harvey
2. Rona Joiner
3. Jacqueline Barlow
4. Paul Barton
5. Ashley Chaloner
6. Mark Elvers
7. Pam Thomas
8. Neil Jones (C)

Rung on the Commemoration of William and Catherine Booth, founders of
the Salvation Army, 1912 and 1890.

**Readers\' list for September** (Thank you to all our readers! please
try to make an arrangement with another reader if unable to read on the
day listed)

**Sunday September 3** OT Paul Jones NT Mike Trout

**Sunday September 10** OT Eta/Zangi NT William Danes-Volkov

**Sunday September 17** OT Catherine Garland NT Eleanor Relle

**Sunday September 24** OT Ralph Baldock NT Katja Svarts

***Could you pass on this sheet to someone else who might like to see
it?***
