**TRINITY 13 Hymns 381, 205, 298, 388**

**FIRST READING Exodus 3.1-15** Moses was keeping the flock of his
father-in-law Jethro, the priest of Midian; he led his flock beyond the
wilderness, and came to Horeb, the mountain of God. There the angel of
the [Lord]{.smallcaps} appeared to him in a flame of fire out of a bush;
he looked, and the bush was blazing, yet it was not consumed. Then Moses
said, 'I must turn aside and look at this great sight, and see why the
bush is not burned up.' When the [Lord]{.smallcaps} saw that he had
turned aside to see, God called to him out of the bush, 'Moses, Moses!'
And he said, 'Here I am.' Then he said, 'Come no closer! Remove the
sandals from your feet, for the place on which you are standing is holy
ground.' He said further, 'I am the God of your father, the God of
Abraham, the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob.' And Moses hid his
face, for he was afraid to look at God.Then the [Lord]{.smallcaps} said,
'I have observed the misery of my people who are in Egypt; I have heard
their cry on account of their taskmasters. Indeed, I know their
sufferings, and I have come down to deliver them from the Egyptians, and
to bring them up out of that land to a good and broad land, a land
flowing with milk and honey, to the country of the Canaanites, the
Hittites, the Amorites, the Perizzites, the Hivites, and the
Jebusites. The cry of the Israelites has now come to me; I have also
seen how the Egyptians oppress them. So come, I will send you to Pharaoh
to bring my people, the Israelites, out of Egypt.' But Moses said to
God, 'Who am I that I should go to Pharaoh, and bring the Israelites out
of Egypt?' He said, 'I will be with you; and this shall be the sign for
you that it is I who sent you: when you have brought the people out of
Egypt, you shall worship God on this mountain.'But Moses said to God,
'If I come to the Israelites and say to them, "The God of your ancestors
has sent me to you", and they ask me, "What is his name?" what shall I
say to them?' God said to Moses, 'I [am
who]{.smallcaps} I [am]{.smallcaps}.' He said further, 'Thus you shall
say to the Israelites, "I [am]{.smallcaps} has sent me to you." ' God
also said to Moses, 'Thus you shall say to the Israelites,
"The [Lord]{.smallcaps}, the God of your ancestors, the God of Abraham,
the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob, has sent me to you":\
This is my name for ever,\
and this my title for all generations.

**PSALM 105.** **Response: Remember the marvels the Lord has done.**

O give thanks to the Lord and call upon his name; make known his deeds
among the peoples.

Sing to him, sing praises, and tell of all his marvellous works.

Rejoice in the praise of his holy name; let the hearts of them rejoice
who seek the Lord.

Seek the Lord and his strength;  seek his face continually.

Remember the marvels he has done, his wonders and the judgements of his
mouth,

O seed of Abraham his servant, O children of Jacob his chosen. **R**

Then Israel came into Egypt; Jacob sojourned in the land of Ham.

And the Lord made his people exceedingly fruitful; he made them too many
for their adversaries,

Whose heart he turned, so that they hated his people, and dealt craftily
with his servants. **R**

Then sent he Moses his servant, and Aaron whom he had chosen. Alleluia.
**R**

**SECOND READING Romans 12.9-21** Let love be genuine; hate what is
evil, hold fast to what is good; love one another with mutual affection;
outdo one another in showing honour. Do not lag in zeal, be ardent in
spirit, serve the Lord. Rejoice in hope, be patient in suffering,
persevere in prayer. Contribute to the needs of the saints; extend
hospitality to strangers. Bless those who persecute you; bless and do
not curse them. Rejoice with those who rejoice, weep with those who
weep. Live in harmony with one another; do not be haughty, but associate
with the lowly; do not claim to be wiser than you are. Do not repay
anyone evil for evil, but take thought for what is noble in the sight of
all. If it is possible, so far as it depends on you, live peaceably with
all. Beloved, never avenge yourselves, but leave room for the wrath of
God; for it is written, 'Vengeance is mine, I will repay, says the
Lord.' No, 'if your enemies are hungry, feed them; if they are thirsty,
give them something to drink; for by doing this you will heap burning
coals on their heads.' Do not be overcome by evil, but overcome evil
with good.

**GOSPEL Matthew 16.21-28** From that time on, Jesus began to show his
disciples that he must go to Jerusalem and undergo great suffering at
the hands of the elders and chief priests and scribes, and be killed,
and on the third day be raised. And Peter took him aside and began to
rebuke him, saying, 'God forbid it, Lord! This must never happen to
you.' But he turned and said to Peter, 'Get behind me, Satan! You are a
stumbling-block to me; for you are setting your mind not on divine
things but on human things.' Then Jesus told his disciples, 'If any want
to become my followers, let them deny themselves and take up their cross
and follow me. For those who want to save their life will lose it, and
those who lose their life for my sake will find it. For what will it
profit them if they gain the whole world but forfeit their life? Or what
will they give in return for their life? 'For the Son of Man is to come
with his angels in the glory of his Father, and then he will repay
everyone for what has been done. Truly I tell you, there are some
standing here who will not taste death before they see the Son of Man
coming in his kingdom.'

