**HOLY FAMILY SUNDAY Hymns 40, 33, 22, 25**

**FIRST READING Genesis 15.1-6 and 21.1-3 The word of the Lord was
spoken to Abram in a vision, 'Have no fear, Abram, I am your shield;
your reward will be very great.' 'My Lord,' Abram replied 'what do you
intend to give me? I go childless...'. Then Abram said, 'See, you have
given me no descendants; some man of my household will be my heir.' And
then this word of the Lord was spoken to him, 'He shall not be your
heir; your heir shall be of your own flesh and blood.' Then taking him
outside he said, 'Look up to heaven and count the stars if you can. Such
will be your descendants' he told him. Abram put his faith in the Lord,
who counted this as making him justified. The Lord dealt kindly with
Sarah as he had said, and did what he had promised. So Sarah conceived
and bore a son to Abraham in his old age, at the time God had promised.
Abraham named the son born to him Isaac, the son to whom Sarah had given
birth.**

**RESPONSORIAL PSALM 105 *R He, the Lord, is our God. He remembers his
covenant for ever.***

Give thanks to the Lord, tell his name, make known his deeds among the
peoples.

O sing to him, sing his praise; tell all his wonderful works! ***R***

Be proud of his holy name, let the hearts that seek the Lord rejoice.

Consider the Lord and his strength; constantly seek his face. ***R***

Remember the wonders he has done, his miracles, the judgements he spoke.

O children of Abraham, his servant, O sons of the Jacob he chose.
***R***

He remembers his covenant for ever, his promise for a thousand
generations,

**the covenant he made with Abraham, the oath he swore to Isaac. *R***

**SECOND READING Hebrews 11:8,11-12,17-19 *It was by faith that Abraham
obeyed the call to set out for a country that was the inheritance given
to him and his descendants, and that he set out without knowing where he
was going. It was equally by faith that Sarah, in spite of being past
the age, was made able to conceive, because she believed that he who had
made the promise would be faithful to it. Because of this, there came
from one man, and one who was already as good as dead himself, more
descendants than could be counted, as many as the stars of heaven or the
grains of sand on the seashore. It was by faith that Abraham, when put
to the test, offered up Isaac. He offered to sacrifice his only son even
though the promises had been made to him and he had been told: It is
through Isaac that your name will be carried on. He was confident that
God had the power even to raise the dead; and so, figuratively speaking,
he was given back Isaac from the dead.***

**GOSPEL Luke 2.22-40** When the time came for their purification
according to the law of Moses, they brought him up to Jerusalem to
present him to the Lord (as it is written in the law of the Lord, 'Every
firstborn male shall be designated as holy to the Lord'), and they
offered a sacrifice according to what is stated in the law of the Lord,
'a pair of turtle-doves or two young pigeons.'

Now there was a man in Jerusalem whose name was Simeon; this man was
righteous and devout, looking forward to the consolation of Israel, and
the Holy Spirit rested on him. It had been revealed to him by the Holy
Spirit that he would not see death before he had seen the Lord's
Messiah. Guided by the Spirit, Simeon came into the temple; and when the
parents brought in the child Jesus, to do for him what was customary
under the law, Simeon took him in his arms and praised God, saying,\
'Master, now you are dismissing your servant in peace, according to your
word;\
for my eyes have seen your salvation, which you have prepared in the
presence of all peoples,\
a light for revelation to the Gentiles, and for glory to your people
Israel.' And the child's father and mother were amazed at what was being
said about him. Then Simeon blessed them and said to his mother Mary,
'This child is destined for the falling and the rising of many in
Israel, and to be a sign that will be opposed so that the inner thoughts
of many will be revealed---and a sword will pierce your own soul too.'

There was also a prophet, Anna the daughter of Phanuel, of the tribe of
Asher. She was of a great age, having lived with her husband for seven
years after her marriage, then as a widow to the age of eighty-four. She
never left the temple but worshipped there with fasting and prayer night
and day. At that moment she came, and began to praise God and to speak
about the child to all who were looking for the redemption of Jerusalem.
When they had finished everything required by the law of the Lord, they
returned to Galilee, to their own town of Nazareth. The child grew and
became strong, filled with wisdom; and the favour of God was upon him.

