**THE TRANSFIGURATION OF THE LORD**

**FIRST READING Daniel 7.9,10,13,14**

As I watched, thrones were set in place, and an Ancient One took his
throne; his clothing was white as snow, and the hair of his head like
pure wool; his throne was fiery flames, and its wheels were burning
fire.

A stream of fire issued and flowed out from his presence. A thousand
thousand served him, and ten thousand times ten thousand stood attending
him.

The court sat in judgement, and the books were opened.

As I watched in the night visions, I saw one like a human being coming
with the clouds of heaven. And he came to the Ancient One and was
presented before him. To him was given dominion and glory and kingship,
that all peoples, nations, and languages should serve him. His dominion
is an everlasting dominion that shall not pass away, and his kingship is
one that shall never be destroyed.

**RESPONSORIAL PSALM 97**

***Response: The Lord is King, most high, above all the earth.***

1\. The Lord is King; let earth rejoice;

the many coastlands be glad.

His throne, justice and right. ***R.***

2\. The skies proclaim his justice:

all peoples see his glory.

All you spirits, worship him. ***R.***

3\. For you indeed are the Lord:

most high above all the earth,

exalted far above all spirits. ***R.***

**SECOND READING 2 Peter 1.16-19**

For we did not follow cleverly devised myths when we made known to you
the power and coming of our Lord Jesus Christ, but we had been
eyewitnesses of his majesty. For he received honour and glory from God
the Father when that voice was conveyed to him by the Majestic Glory,
saying, 'This is my Son, my Beloved, with whom I am well pleased.' We
ourselves heard this voice come from heaven, while we were with him on
the holy mountain. So we have the prophetic message more fully
confirmed. You will do well to be attentive to this as to a lamp shining
in a dark place, until the day dawns and the morning star rises in your
hearts.

**GOSPEL Luke 9.28-36**

Now about eight days after these sayings Jesus took with him Peter and
John and James, and went up on the mountain to pray. And while he was
praying, the appearance of his face changed, and his clothes became
dazzling white. Suddenly they saw two men, Moses and Elijah, talking to
him. They appeared in glory and were speaking of his departure, which he
was about to accomplish at Jerusalem. Now Peter and his companions were
weighed down with sleep; but since they had stayed awake, they saw his
glory and the two men who stood with him. Just as they were leaving him,
Peter said to Jesus, 'Master, it is good for us to be here; let us make
three dwellings, one for you, one for Moses, and one for Elijah'---not
knowing what he said. While he was saying this, a cloud came and
overshadowed them; and they were terrified as they entered the cloud.
Then from the cloud came a voice that said, 'This is my Son, my Chosen;
listen to him!' When the voice had spoken, Jesus was found alone. And
they kept silent and in those days told no one any of the things they
had seen.

***Could you pass this sheet on to someone else who might like to see
it?***

