**HARVEST THANKSGIVING Hymns 261, 259, 397, 262**

**FIRST READING Deuteronomy 8.7-18** For the Lord your God is bringing
you into a good land, a land with flowing streams, with springs and
underground waters welling up in valleys and hills, a land of wheat and
barley, of vines and fig trees and pomegranates, a land of olive trees
and honey, a land where you may eat bread without scarcity, where you
will lack nothing, a land whose stones are iron and from whose hills you
may mine copper. You shall eat your fill and bless the Lord your God for
the good land that he has given you. Take care that you do not forget
the Lord your God, by failing to keep his commandments, his ordinances,
and his statutes, which I am commanding you today. When you have eaten
your fill and have built fine houses and live in them, and when your
herds and flocks have multiplied, and your silver and gold is
multiplied, and all that you have is multiplied, then do not exalt
yourself, forgetting the Lord your God, who brought you out of the land
of Egypt, out of the house of slavery, who led you through the great and
terrible wilderness, an arid waste-land with poisonous snakes and
scorpions. He made water flow for you from flint rock, and fed you in
the wilderness with manna that your ancestors did not know, to humble
you and to test you, and in the end to do you good. Do not say to
yourself, 'My power and the might of my own hand have gained me this
wealth.' But remember the Lord your God, for it is he who gives you
power to get wealth, so that he may confirm his covenant that he swore
to your ancestors, as he is doing today.

**RESPONSORIAL PSALM 65 *Response: Be joyful in God, all the earth.***

**The ends of the earth stand in awe** at the sight of your wonders.

The lands of sunrise and sunset you fill with your joy. ***R***

 You care for the earth, give it water; you fill it with riches.

Your river in heaven brims over to provide its grain. ***R***

 And thus you provide for the earth; you drench its furrows;

you level it, soften it with showers; you bless its growth. ***R***

 You crown the year with your goodness. Abundance flows in your steps;

in the pastures of the wilderness it flows. ***R***

 The hills are girded with joy, the meadows covered with flocks,

the valleys are decked with wheat; they shout for joy, yes they sing.
***R***

**SECOND READING 2Corinthians 9.6-15** The point is this: the one who
sows sparingly will also reap sparingly, and the one who sows
bountifully will also reap bountifully. Each of you must give as you
have made up your mind, not reluctantly or under compulsion, for God
loves a cheerful giver. And God is able to provide you with every
blessing in abundance, so that by always having enough of everything,
you may share abundantly in every good work. As it is written,\
'He scatters abroad, he gives to the poor; his righteousness endures for
ever.'\
He who supplies seed to the sower and bread for food will supply and
multiply your seed for sowing and increase the harvest of your
righteousness. You will be enriched in every way for your great
generosity, which will produce thanksgiving to God through us; for the
rendering of this ministry not only supplies the needs of the saints but
also overflows with many thanksgivings to God. Through the testing of
this ministry you glorify God by your obedience to the confession of the
gospel of Christ and by the generosity of your sharing with them and
with all others, while they long for you and pray for you because of the
surpassing grace of God that he has given you. Thanks be to God for his
indescribable gift!

**GOSPEL Luke 12.16-30** Then he told them a parable: 'The land of a
rich man produced abundantly. And he thought to himself, "What should I
do, for I have no place to store my crops?" Then he said, "I will do
this: I will pull down my barns and build larger ones, and there I will
store all my grain and my goods. And I will say to my soul, Soul, you
have ample goods laid up for many years; relax, eat, drink, be merry."
But God said to him, "You fool! This very night your life is being
demanded of you. And the things you have prepared, whose will they be?"
So it is with those who store up treasures for themselves but are not
rich towards God.' He said to his disciples, 'Therefore I tell you, do
not worry about your life, what you will eat, or about your body, what
you will wear. For life is more than food, and the body more than
clothing. Consider the ravens: they neither sow nor reap, they have
neither storehouse nor barn, and yet God feeds them. Of how much more
value are you than the birds! And can any of you by worrying add a
single hour to your span of life? If then you are not able to do so
small a thing as that, why do you worry about the rest? Consider the
lilies, how they grow: they neither toil nor spin; yet I tell you, even
Solomon in all his glory was not clothed like one of these. But if God
so clothes the grass of the field, which is alive today and tomorrow is
thrown into the oven, how much more will he clothe you---you of little
faith! And do not keep striving for what you are to eat and what you are
to drink, and do not keep worrying. For it is the nations of the world
that strive after all these things, and your Father knows that you need
them.\'

***NEWS FROM ST MICHAEL\'S***

***A very warm welcome*** to any new readers, and to visitors and
newcomers to St Michael\'s on our Harvest Thanksgiving day. A special
welcome and thanks to Fr Paul Matthias, our celebrant this morning, who
will also kindly be saying Mass for us on **Thursday (when we
commemorate St Wilfrid) at 10.30 am.** Everyone is warmly invited to
**continue our Harvest celebration today with coffee, wine and cake in
the Vestry Hall after Mass.** If new to St Michael\'s, you are
particularly welcome.

**Valerie Brown\'s funeral** will take place in church on Friday, 27th
October, at 12.45 pm, followed by cremation at Vinters Park at 2.45 pm.
There is a card at the back of the church to express our sympathy with
Valerie\'s family in their bereavement. Everyone who remembers Valerie
is invited to sign it. If you would like to write individually,
Catherine G has the address of Valerie\'s daughter Catherine Brown.

**Warmest thanks** to Alison and her helpers for organising such a
wonderful Michaelmas lunch last Sunday, and thanks also to all who
contributed to the splendid array of refreshments. And further thanks to
those who have brought "a little something" today, to make our harvest
celebration special.

T**he St Michael\'s Schools\' Michaelmas-and-harvest service** took
place on Michaelmas Day itself. It was particularly good to see such a
large group of parents in church, and we very much appreciate the
Schools\' letting us add their harvest gifts to our own. Among the
offerings from the Schools, touchingly, was a pack of dog-food "for the
homeless people\'s dogs". **Thank you also to all who have contributed
harvest gifts today;** they will mean so much to people who are in
difficulties in these challenging times. This week all the gifts will be
delivered to the Food Bank in Knightrider Street.

**Our pre-Christmas Fair, on 2nd December from 12 noon to 4 pm,** will
need cake-bakers, jam-makers, plant-growers, craftspeople, prize-donors
- and others, including kindly angels who will give help on the day. It
will also be a better Fair if people contribute bright ideas beforehand.
How could **you** help? Sara will be delighted to hear (in person or on
**07837 919761**) from anyone who is willing to be involved in any way.
Let\'s get together to make it a wonderful day for all concerned!

**The Maidstone Deanery Roadshow at St Luke\'s, Maidstone, on October
16th at 7 pm - what is it?** Deanery Roadshows are a chance for
parishes to learn about the financial plans of the diocese and how they
will affect the deanery and its parishes. Those present can ask
questions and, indeed, make representations about financial matters that
concern them. Recently St Michael\'s has made its presence felt, and its
voice heard, on these occasions. Please note the date and try to come
along.

**Flowers in church:** Members of the congregation sometimes wish to
dedicate a flower arrangement in church in memory of a loved one. If you
would like to do this, please have a word with Margaret G., who can
provide information and help.

**Choral Evensong** often speaks not only to active Anglicans but to
many people whose links with the Church are far less definite.
**Everyone will be welcome at Choral Evensong at St Michael\'s at 5 pm
on Sunday, 29th October,** with a gathered choir conducted by Gareth
James. Do pass the word around!

**From our Tower:**

**Kent County Association:
[Maidstone](https://dove.cccbr.org.uk/tower/12644#_blank)**[,
Kent](https://dove.cccbr.org.uk/tower/12644#_blank), St Michael and All
Angels

Sunday, 1 October 2023 in 42m (6--1--24 in C)

**1296** **Spliced Surprise Minor** (2m)

2m:720 London, 576 Cambridge; 18 com.

1. Jacqueline Barlow
2. Philip Jarvis
3. Mike Birkbeck
4. Mark Elvers
5. Paul Barton
6. Neil Jones (C)

For Michaelmas, and rung on the Saint\'s Day of Remigius, Bishop of
Reims, Apostle of the Franks, 533. Also remembering Valerie Brown, a
faithful member of the congregation, 29/9/2023. R.I.P.

**A Peal** is planned for Monday, 30th October at 2 pm. Probable
duration, 3 hours.

**"But Maidstone people don\'t read." Really?** MADM is ready to help us
disprove this, with lots of pre-loved Christian books available at its
bookshop - 49 Church Street, open 10 am -- 2 pm on Tuesdays, Wednesdays
and Thursdays. Or why not pause at the back of the church and pick up
one of the helpful Church Union leaflets on particular Christian topics
that are on display there? Or join Forward in Faith and receive its
excellent monthly magazine, *New Directions*? Good reading can nourish
our faith and our prayers, as well as helping us to explain to enquirers
what we believe and why.

***Could you pass this sheet on to someone else who might like to see
it?***
