
**A very warm welcome** to any new readers, and to visitors and
newcomers to St Michael\'s. A special welcome to Fr Paul, our celebrant
this morning, who will also kindly be celebrating Mass for us on
Thursday at 10.30 am. If you are new to St Michael\'s, do join us for
tea or coffee in the Vestry Hall after the service, so that we can
welcome you properly. A special welcome, too, to families who are coming
to church with Mum and/or Granny, and to Mums and Grannies who are
thinking of their distant families on this day. And to all of us who are
celebrating, and giving thanks for, the many and various precious
nurturing and encouraging relationships we have experienced in our
lives. Another name for this Sunday is Laetare Sunday -- because the
opening words of the Latin Mass for today, based on Isaiah 66, were
*"Laetare, Jerusalem!"* (Rejoice, O Jerusalem!) - inviting the faithful
to gather round Jerusalem their mother, and be nourished at her breasts.
And so today, as our readings suggest, we rejoice not only in individual
motherhood, but also in the motherhood of the Church and the motherhood
of Mary, who is Mother both of our Lord and of his Church. After this
burst of joy, we move towards the solemn time of Passiontide and Holy
Week.

Warmest thanks to Jessica and today\'s other posy-makers!

**From Our Tower:**

**Kent County Association,** [**Maidstone**,
Kent](https://dove.cccbr.org.uk/detail.php?tower=12644#_blank), St
Michael and All Angels

Sunday, 5 March 2023 in 38m (6--1--24 in C)

**1272** **Bourne Surprise Minor**

1Philip Jarvis

2Rupert Cheeseman

3Emma Jarvis

4Paul Barton

5Mark Elvers

6Neil Jones (C)

Rung on the 2nd Sunday of Lent. Congratulations to Stan and Ann Jenner
on their Diamond Wedding Anniversary (2/3/23)

Friday, 10 March 2023 in 38m (6--1--24 in C)

**1272** **Surprise Minor** (2m)

720 Wells Surprise, 552 London Surprise

1Terry Barnard

2Philip Jarvis

3Kath White

4Mark Elvers

5Stephen Coaker

6Neil Jones (C)

Birthday compliments today to Ann Jenner and Shona Clark.

**Sunday, 12 March 2023 in 39m (6--1--24 in C)**

**1272** **Ipswich Surprise Minor**

1Cathy Cheeseman

2Emma Jarvis

3Philip Jarvis

4Mark Elvers

5Pam Thomas

6Neil Jones (C)

Rung on the 3rd Sunday of Lent.

**Diocesan Synod** met in Canterbury last Saturday. Some interesting
discussion took place arising out of the report of our General Synod
members and out of the Church\'s urgent concern to improve its contact
with young people.

**Tuesday in Holy Week -- Chrism Mass and Lunch:** So far only two
people have asked to book for the lunch. Is this right? Usually we have
far more. Memo: Bear in mind that there is, additionally, an opportunity
to make one\'s **pre-Easter Confession** before the Mass. No need to
book for that -- just ask a steward on the day!

**Don\'t forget the parish Quiet Day** at The Friars on Saturday 25th
March, 9.30 am -- 3.30 pm. Any queries to Jonathan, please.

*Could you pass on this sheet to someone else who might like to see it?*
