
***On this our patronal festival, a very warm welcome*** to any new
readers, and to visitors and newcomers to St Michael\'s. A special
welcome and thanks to Fr Paul Matthias, our celebrant this morning, who
will also kindly be saying Mass for us on **Thursday at 10.30 am.**
Everyone is warmly invited to **buffet lunch in the Vestry Hall after
Mass today.** If new to St Michael\'s, you are particularly welcome.
**Thank you** to all whose offerings of food and help have made this
possible!

**Valerie Brown**, a faithful member of St Michael\'s congregation for
many decades, died peacefully on Michaelmas morning. She will be
remembered by so many for her flower arranging, her singing, her work as
Electoral Roll officer and the unfailing kindness and charm with which
she carried out countless tasks for this church, many of them the
inconspicuous ones known chiefly to God. We extend our sympathy to her
family, and thank God for her example and for all she has meant to us.
May she rest in peace and rise in glory.

**Our lovely series of Angel Windows** (Old Testament angels on the
north side, New Testament angels on the south side) helps to make our
church a Grade 2 Listed Building. Perhaps we have grown so used to our
windows that we need to take a fresh look at them. Today would be a good
time to linger over them and thank God for the ministry of His holy
angels -- and to be inspired by the generosity and dedication of those
who saved to have those windows installed, one by one, 140 years ago.

Margaret Smith, Ralph, Mary and Mike received a warm welcome at St
Michael and All Angels\', Harbledown on Friday at the parish\'s Patronal
Festival. Solemn Mass was celebrated by the Rector, Fr Peter Harnden,
and the preacher was Fr Angus Beattie, Rector of St Andrew\'s, Deal and
Holy Trinity, Ramsgate. Celebrations continued in the church hall with a
magnificent buffet-reception.

**Our Harvest Thanksgiving is next Sunday,** October 8th. Everyone is
invited to enjoy a glass of wine and cake after Mass. Please, if you
can, come to church with an offering of food to be delivered to the
Christian Care Foodbank in Knightrider Street. Imperishable food is most
welcome, but so is fresh garden produce. **Thank you in advance for your
generosity** -- particularly appreciated in these difficult times.

**Choral Evensong** often speaks not only to active Anglicans but to
many people whose links with the Church are far less definite.
**Everyone** **will be welcome** **at Choral Evensong at St Michael\'s
on Sunday, 29th October, ar 5 pm,** with a gathered choir conducted by
Gareth James. Do pass the word around! **Grateful thanks also to Gareth
and the extra singers** for leading our music this morning.

**The Maidstone Deanery Roadshow at St Luke\'s, Maidstone, on October
16th at 7 pm - what is it?** Deanery Roadshows are a chance for
parishes to learn about the financial plans of the diocese and how they
will affect the deanery and its parishes. Those present can ask
questions and, indeed, make representations about financial matters that
concern them. Recently St Michael\'s has made its presence felt, and its
voice heard, on these occasions. Please note the date and try to come
along.

**Our pre-Christmas Fair, on 2nd December from 12 noon to 4 pm,** will
need the work of cake-bakers, jam-makers, plant-growers, craftspeople,
prize-donors - and others, including kindly angels who will give help on
the day. It will also be a better Fair if people contribute bright ideas
beforehand. How could you help? Sara will be delighted to hear (in
person or on **07837 919761**) from anyone who is willing to be involved
in any way. Let\'s get together to make it a wonderful day for all
concerned!

**A chance to support the Royal National Lifeboat Institution:**
there\'s a box for your used stamps in the narthex. Please don\'t try to
remove them from the envelope -- if feasible, about an inch of envelope
all round is ideal. Thank you!

**From Our Tower: Kent County Association -** [**Maidstone**,
Kent](https://dove.cccbr.org.uk/tower/12644#_blank), St Michael and All
Angels

Sunday, 24 September 2023 in 39m (6--1--24 in C)

**1271** **Ipswich Surprise Minor**

1. Jacqueline Barlow
2. Emma Jarvis
3. Philip Jarvis
4. Rupert Cheeseman
5. Mark Elvers
6. Neil Jones (C)

Rung on the Feast of Our Lady of Walsingham.

**Pre-loved Christian books!** **MADM (Make a Difference Maidstone)**
now have not only their general charity shop at 28 High Street but also
a Christian bookshop at **The Living Word, 49 Church Street,** open **10
am - 2 pm on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday.** You can drop in and
browse, have a cuppa and a snack, and find out about children\'s
story-times and craft activities. A chance to pick up something solid to
read, and also to support MADM\'s work with people who are homeless or
in crisis.
