**SUNDAY AFTER ASCENSION Hymns: 338, 296, 277, 443**

**FIRST READING Acts 1.6-14** So when they had come together, they asked
him, 'Lord, is this the time when you will restore the kingdom to
Israel? 'He replied, 'It is not for you to know the times or periods
that the Father has set by his own authority. But you will receive power
when the Holy Spirit has come upon you; and you will be my witnesses in
Jerusalem, in all Judea and Samaria, and to the ends of the earth.' When
he had said this, as they were watching, he was lifted up, and a cloud
took him out of their sight. While he was going and they were gazing up
towards heaven, suddenly two men in white robes stood by them. They
said, 'Men of Galilee, why do you stand looking up towards heaven? This
Jesus, who has been taken up from you into heaven, will come in the same
way as you saw him go into heaven.' Then they returned to Jerusalem from
the mount called Olivet, which is near Jerusalem, a sabbath day's
journey away. When they had entered the city, they went to the room
upstairs where they were staying, Peter, and John, and James, and
Andrew, Philip and Thomas, Bartholomew and Matthew, James son of
Alphaeus, and Simon the Zealot, and Judas son of James. All these were
constantly devoting themselves to prayer, together with certain women,
including Mary the mother of Jesus, as well as his brothers.

**RESPONSORIAL PSALM 68**

**Response: Sing to God, O kingdoms of the earth.**

Let God arise, let his foes be scattered. Let those who hate him flee before him.  
As smoke is blown away so will they be blown away;   
like wax that melts before the fire, so the wicked shall perish at the presence of God. **R**

But the just shall rejoice at the presence of God, they shall exult and dance for joy.  
O sing to the Lord, make music to his name; rejoice in the Lord, exult at his presence. **R**

Father of the orphan, defender of the widow, such is God in his holy place.  
God gives the lonely a home to live in; he leads the prisoners forth into freedom. **R**

**SECOND READING 1 Peter 4.12-14;5.6-11** Beloved, do not be surprised
at the fiery ordeal that is taking place among you to test you, as
though something strange were happening to you. But rejoice in so far as
you are sharing Christ's sufferings, so that you may also be glad and
shout for joy when his glory is revealed. If you are reviled for the
name of Christ, you are blessed, because the spirit of glory, which is
the Spirit of God, is resting on you. Humble yourselves therefore under
the mighty hand of God, so that he may exalt you in due time. Cast all
your anxiety on him, because he cares for you. Discipline yourselves;
keep alert. Like a roaring lion your adversary the devil prowls around,
looking for someone to devour. Resist him, steadfast in your faith, for
you know that your brothers and sisters throughout the world are
undergoing the same kinds of suffering. And after you have suffered for
a little while, the God of all grace, who has called you to his eternal
glory in Christ, will himself restore, support, strengthen, and
establish you. To him be the power for ever and ever. Amen.

**GOSPEL John 17.1-11** After Jesus had spoken these words, he looked up
to heaven and said, 'Father, the hour has come; glorify your Son so that
the Son may glorify you, since you have given him authority over all
people, to give eternal life to all whom you have given him. And this is
eternal life, that they may know you, the only true God, and Jesus
Christ whom you have sent. I glorified you on earth by finishing the
work that you gave me to do. So now, Father, glorify me in your own
presence with the glory that I had in your presence before the world
existed. 'I have made your name known to those whom you gave me from the
world. They were yours, and you gave them to me, and they have kept your
word. Now they know that everything you have given me is from you; for
the words that you gave to me I have given to them, and they have
received them and know in truth that I came from you; and they have
believed that you sent me. I am asking on their behalf; I am not asking
on behalf of the world, but on behalf of those whom you gave me, because
they are yours. All mine are yours, and yours are mine; and I have been
glorified in them. And now I am no longer in the world, but they are in
the world, and I am coming to you. Holy Father, protect them in your
name that you have given me, so that they may be one, as we are one.\'

***ST MICHAEL\'S NEWS***

*A very warm welcome* to any new readers, and to visitors and newcomers
to St Michael\'s. A special welcome and thanks to Fr Paul, our celebrant
this morning, who will also kindly be saying Mass for us on Thursday at
10.30 am. If you are new to St Michael\'s, do join us in the Vestry Hall
after the service, so that we can welcome you properly.

**A Fashion Show with a Difference! MADM (local charity Making a
Difference Maidstone)** **is organising a Fashion Show of formal/bridal
wear at MidKent College on Friday 26th May.** All the outfits shown
will be secondhand -- a chance to address the cost of living crisis, to
encourage recycling, to raise money for MADM -- and to see how glamorous
a quality second-hand fashion item can be! Refreshments will be
available, admission is free, and donations on the day will be much
appreciated. There is actually going to be a **pop-up shop!** There will
be two sessions -12.30 pm and 2 pm -- and you can make sure of a place
if you reserve your **free ticket** by scanning the QR code on the
poster in the narthex. This show will go on for just under an hour and
is in our own locality (Oakwood Road) -- do support it if you can!

**From Our Tower:**

Kent County Association

[**Maidstone**,
Kent](https://dove.cccbr.org.uk/detail.php?tower=12644#_blank)

St Michael and All Angels

Friday, 5 May 2023 in 42m (6--1--24 in C)

**1296 Northumberland Surprise Minor**

1. Pam Thomas
2. Jacqueline Barlow
3. Janice Byrne
4. Mark Elvers
5. Philip Jarvis
6. Neil Jones (C) 

Rung on the eve of the Coronation of Their Majesties King Charles III
and Queen Camilla

Saturday, 6 May 2023 (6--1--24 in C)

**General Ringing**

Cambridge S Minor 

1. Jacqueline Barlow
2. Charlotte Elvers
3. Emma Jarvis
4. Mark Elvers
5. Philip Jarvis
6. Neil Jones (C) 

Rung to mark the Coronation of Their Majesties King Charles III and
Queen Camilla.

**Don\'t forget the PCC meeting** -- the first of our "new" PCC -- in
the Vestry Hall on Wednesday, 24th May, at 7.30 pm.

**Volunteers\' Day:** On Tuesday, 24th May, we are welcoming a group
of student volunteers from Oakwood Park Grammar School, who will be
tackling various maintenance jobs around our church building and its
grounds. Warmest thanks in advance to them, to their Director Miss
Kirsty Ryan, and to Martyn and the other church members who will be on
site to ensure that all goes smoothly.

***Could you pass this sheet on to someone else who might like to see it?***
