**THIRD SUNDAY IN ADVENT Hymns 12, 10, 275, 15**

**FIRST READING Isaiah 61.1-4,8-11** The spirit of the Lord God is upon
me, because the Lord has anointed me; he has sent me to bring good news
to the oppressed, to bind up the broken-hearted, to proclaim liberty to
the captives, and release to the prisoners; to proclaim the year of the
Lord's favour, and the day of vengeance of our God; to comfort all who
mourn; to provide for those who mourn in Zion--- to give them a garland
instead of ashes, the oil of gladness instead of mourning, the mantle of
praise instead of a faint spirit. They will be called oaks of
righteousness, the planting of the Lord, to display his glory. They
shall build up the ancient ruins, they shall raise up the former
devastations; they shall repair the ruined cities, the devastations of
many generations.

For I the Lord love justice, I hate robbery and wrongdoing; I will
faithfully give them their recompense, and I will make an everlasting
covenant with them. Their descendants shall be known among the nations,
and their offspring among the peoples; all who see them shall
acknowledge that they are a people whom the Lord has blessed. I will
greatly rejoice in the Lord, my whole being shall exult in my God; for
he has clothed me with the garments of salvation, he has covered me with
the robe of righteousness, as a bridegroom decks himself with a garland,
and as a bride adorns herself with her jewels. For as the earth brings
forth its shoots, and as a garden causes what is sown in it to spring
up, so the Lord God will cause righteousness and praise to spring up
before all the nations.

**RESPONSORIAL CANTICLE** ***Response:  My spirit rejoices in God my
Saviour.***

My soul proclaims the greatness of the Lord;

My spirit rejoices in God my Saviour.

For he has looked with favour on his lowly servant;

from this day all generations will call me blessèd.

The Almighty has done great things for me,

and holy is his name.* **R***

He has mercy on those who fear him

in every generation.

He has shown the strength of his arm;

he has scattered the proud in their conceit.* **R***

He has cast down the mighty from their thrones

and has lifted up the lowly.

He has filled the hungry with good things

and the rich he has sent away empty. ***R***

He has come to the help of his servant, Israel,

for he has remembered his promise of mercy.

The promise he made to our forebears:

to Abraham and his children for ever. ***R***

**SECOND READING 1 Thessalonians 5.16-24** Rejoice always, pray without
ceasing, give thanks in all circumstances; for this is the will of God
in Christ Jesus for you. Do not quench the Spirit. Do not despise the
words of prophets, but test everything; hold fast to what is good;
abstain from every form of evil. May the God of peace himself sanctify
you entirely; and may your spirit and soul and body be kept sound and
blameless at the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ. The one who calls you
is faithful, and he will do this.

**GOSPEL John 1.6-8,19-28** There was a man sent from God, whose name
was John. He came as a witness to testify to the light, so that all
might believe through him. He himself was not the light, but he came to
testify to the light. This is the testimony given by John when the Jews
sent priests and Levites from Jerusalem to ask him, 'Who are you?' He
confessed and did not deny it, but confessed, 'I am not the Messiah.'
And they asked him, 'What then? Are you Elijah?' He said, 'I am not.'
'Are you the prophet?' He answered, 'No.' Then they said to him, 'Who
are you? Let us have an answer for those who sent us. What do you say
about yourself?' He said, 'I am the voice of one crying out in the
wilderness, "Make straight the way of the Lord"', as the prophet Isaiah
said. Now they had been sent from the Pharisees. They asked him, 'Why
then are you baptizing if you are neither the Messiah, nor Elijah, nor
the prophet?' John answered them, 'I baptize with water. Among you
stands one whom you do not know, the one who is coming after me; I am
not worthy to untie the thong of his sandal.' This took place in Bethany
across the Jordan where John was baptizing.

***NEWS FROM ST MICHAEL\'S***

*A very warm welcome* to any new readers, and to visitors and newcomers
to St Michael\'s. A special welcome and thanks to Fr Paul Matthias, our
celebrant this morning. Everyone is warmly invited to coffee in the
Vestry Hall after Mass. If new to St Michael\'s, do join us so that we
can welcome you properly!

***Please note: No Mass on Thursday 21st December.***

**Our Christmas services:** Mass as usual -- with Holy Baptism -- at
10.30 am on **Christmas Eve.** Then: Crib Service 4.30 pm, Midnight Mass
11.30 pm. **Christmas morning:** Mass 10.30 am.

**Christmas Communion at home** can be arranged if you, or someone you
know, will be unable to come to church for health reasons. Just speak to
Eleanor about it.

**Come and decorate our church for Christmas!** Willing hands will be
most welcome on Friday (the 22nd) from 10 am. **If you have any
suitable greenery in your garden, please bring it along!**

**Interesting stamps on your Christmas mail?** Please think of putting
them in Jacqui\'s box at the back of church, for the Royal National
Lifeboat Institution.

**A long way ahead but...** Fr Peter Harnden, Rector of Harbledown, is
arranging a pilgrimage to **Walsingham** for Resolution parishes in this
diocese, **from 19th to 23^rd^ August 2024.** If you think you *might*
be interested, please speak to Eleanor. This doesn\'t commit you at all,
but he\'d like to form a guestimate of the size of the party and make a
preliminary reservation next month. Anyone who has previously spent the
inside of a week at Walsingham (rather than a weekend or one-day
pilgrimage, which is rewarding but can feel rather congested and rushed)
will tell you how worthwhile the more "spread-out" kind of pilgrimage
can be.

**Helen Grant, MP for Maidstone and The Weald,** will be holding a
Surgery in the Vestry Hall on 19th December, 1.30 -- 3.30.

**Margaret Broadbent\'s funeral** at Vinters Park will be on 20th
December at 10.15 am. Few present members of the congregation knew her
well, but she made a considerable contribution to the life of our parish
in her time, and it would be good if St Michael\'s could be well
represented at the service.

**The Pilsdon Community** at West Malling -- An ecumenical Christian
community providing a safe space where people can rebuild their lives --
is seeking a new Guardian from March 2024. Enquiries to the Chair of
Trustees: <camillamedhurst@gmail.com>.

**World Religion Day on 22 January** will be marked by an event on the
theme of Peace at Sessions House, County Hall, 4.00-6.00 pm. Maidstone
Choral Union will be performing and light refreshments will be
available.

**"The Song of the Angels"** is the theme of talks and videos mounted by
Canterbury Cathedral during Advent and available on You-Tube afterwards.
For information visit the Cathedral website
(<https://www.canterbury-cathedral.org/what-s-on/events/advent-and-christmas-2023/>).

**From Our Tower:** **Kent County Association -** [**Maidstone**,
**Kent**](https://dove.cccbr.org.uk/tower/12644#_blank)**, St Michael &
All Angels**

Sunday, 10 December 2023 in 40m (6--1--24 in C)

**1296** **Spliced Surprise Minor** (2m)

2m:720 London, 576 Cambridge; 18 com.

1. Janice Byrne
2. Jacqueline Barlow
3. Rona Joiner
4. Mark Elvers
5. Philip Jarvis
6. Neil Jones (C)

Remembering Emma Cundiff, 9/12/2020.

**The Living Well** (the diocesan centre for Healing and Wholeness) is
looking for a new Warden, possibly two. The job entails responsibilities
in the areas of care, hospitality, and security of the property and can
to some extent be shaped according to the applicants\' skills. A
2-bedroom flat is provided. For further information, please see The
Living Well blog
(https://the-living-well.org.uk/wardens-required-2-bedroomed-first-floor-accommodation-included/).

**Among the sick we pray** for Paul\'s continued progress, for Fr
Paul\'s forthcoming eye treatment, and for Margaret, Ellie, Pauline,
Rue, Fr Leon, Antony, Fran, Ellie, Tom, Joseph, Valerie, Peter, Joan,
Margaret, Lindsay, Glynis, Ethan, Sarah, Yvonne and Eileen.

**Among the departed:** Richard Seddon, Henry Watson, Jean Farnan

***Could you pass this sheet on to someone else who might like to see
it?***
