**SECOND SUNDAY IN LENT Hymns NEH 72, 68, 313, 74**

**FIRST READING Genesis 12.1-4a** Now the Lord said to Abram, 'Go from
your country and your kindred and your father's house to the land that I
will show you. I will make of you a great nation, and I will bless you,
and make your name great, so that you will be a blessing. I will bless
those who bless you, and the one who curses you I will curse; and in you
all the families of the earth shall be blessed.' So Abram went, as the
Lord had told him; and Lot went with him.

**RESPONSORIAL PSALM 121 R: Our help is from the Lord, who made heaven
and earth.**\
I lift up my eyes toward the mountains; whence shall help come to me?\
My help is from the LORD, who made heaven and earth. **R**\
May he not suffer your foot to slip; may he slumber not who guards you:\
indeed he neither slumbers nor sleeps, the guardian of Israel. **R**\
The LORD is your guardian; the LORD is your shade; he is beside you at
your right hand.\
The sun shall not harm you by day, nor the moon by night. **R**\
The LORD will guard you from all evil; he will guard your life.\
The LORD will guard your coming and your going, both now and forever.
**R**

**SECOND READING Romans 4.1-5,13-17** What then are we to say was gained
by Abraham, our ancestor according to the flesh? For if Abraham was
justified by works, he has something to boast about, but not before God.
For what does the scripture say? 'Abraham believed God, and it was
reckoned to him as righteousness.' Now to one who works, wages are not
reckoned as a gift but as something due. But to one who without works
trusts him who justifies the ungodly, such faith is reckoned as
righteousness. For the promise that he would inherit the world did not
come to Abraham or to his descendants through the law but through the
righteousness of faith. If it is the adherents of the law who are to be
the heirs, faith is null and the promise is void. For the law brings
wrath; but where there is no law, neither is there violation. For this
reason it depends on faith, in order that the promise may rest on grace
and be guaranteed to all his descendants, not only to the adherents of
the law but also to those who share the faith of Abraham (for he is the
father of all of us, as it is written, 'I have made you the father of
many nations')---in the presence of the God in whom he believed, who
gives life to the dead and calls into existence the things that do not
exist.

**GOSPEL John 3.1-17** Now there was a Pharisee named Nicodemus, a
leader of the Jews. He came to Jesus by night and said to him, 'Rabbi,
we know that you are a teacher who has come from God; for no one can do
these signs that you do apart from the presence of God.' Jesus answered
him, 'Very truly, I tell you, no one can see the kingdom of God without
being born from above.' Nicodemus said to him, 'How can anyone be born
after having grown old? Can one enter a second time into the mother's
womb and be born?' Jesus answered, 'Very truly, I tell you, no one can
enter the kingdom of God without being born of water and Spirit. What is
born of the flesh is flesh, and what is born of the Spirit is spirit. Do
not be astonished that I said to you, "You must be born from above." The
wind blows where it chooses, and you hear the sound of it, but you do
not know where it comes from or where it goes. So it is with everyone
who is born of the Spirit.' Nicodemus said to him, 'How can these things
be?' Jesus answered him, 'Are you a teacher of Israel, and yet you do
not understand these things? Very truly, I tell you, we speak of what we
know and testify to what we have seen; yet you do not receive our
testimony. If I have told you about earthly things and you do not
believe, how can you believe if I tell you about heavenly things? No one
has ascended into heaven except the one who descended from heaven, the
Son of Man. And just as Moses lifted up the serpent in the wilderness,
so must the Son of Man be lifted up, that whoever believes in him may
have eternal life. For God so loved the world that he gave his only Son,
so that everyone who believes in him may not perish but may have eternal
life. Indeed, God did not send the Son into the world to condemn the
world, but in order that the world might be saved through him.\'

***Could you pass on this sheet to someone else who might like to see
it?***

