**TRINITY 20 Hymns 401, 427, 286, 431**

**FIRST READING: EXODUS 33.12-23**

**Moses said to the Lord, "See, you have said to me, 'Bring up this
people'; but you have not let me know whom you will send with me. Yet
you have said, 'I know you by name, and you have also found favor in my
sight.' Now if I have found favour in your sight, show me your ways, so
that I may know you and find favor in your sight. Consider too that this
nation is your people." He said, "My presence will go with you, and I
will give you rest." And he said to him, "If your presence will not go,
do not carry us up from here. For how shall it be known that I have
found favor in your sight, I and your people, unless you go with us? In
this way, we shall be distinct, I and your people, from every people on
the face of the earth." The Lord said to Moses, "I will do the very
thing that you have asked; for you have found favor in my sight, and I
know you by name." Moses said, "Show me your glory, I pray." And he
said, "I will make all my goodness pass before you, and will proclaim
before you the name, 'The Lord'; and I will be gracious to whom I will
be gracious, and will show mercy on whom I will show mercy. But," he
said, "you cannot see my face; for no one shall see me and live." And
the Lord continued, "See, there is a place by me where you shall stand
on the rock; and while my glory passes by I will put you in a cleft of
the rock, and I will cover you with my hand until I have passed by; then
I will take away my hand, and you shall see my back; but my face shall
not be seen."**

**RESPONSORIAL PSALM 99 *Response: The Lord our God is holy***

Proclaim the greatness of the [Lord]{.smallcaps} our God, and fall down
before his footstool; \*\
he is the Holy One. ***R***

> Moses and Aaron among his priests, and Samuel among those who call
> upon his Name, \*\
> they called upon the [Lord]{.smallcaps}, and he answered them.
>
> He spoke to them out of the pillar of cloud; they kept his testimonies
> and the decree that he gave them. ***R***
>
> O [Lord]{.smallcaps} our God, you answered them indeed; you were a God
> who forgave them,\
> yet punished them for their evil deeds. ***R***
>
> Proclaim the greatness of the [Lord]{.smallcaps} our God and worship
> him upon his holy hill; \*\
> for the [Lord]{.smallcaps} our God is the Holy One. ***R***

**SECOND READING: 1 THESSALONIANS 1.1-10**

Paul, Silvanus, and Timothy, To the church of the Thessalonians in God
the Father and the Lord Jesus Christ: Grace to you and peace.

We always give thanks to God for all of you and mention you in our
prayers, constantly remembering before our God and Father your work of
faith and labor of love and steadfastness of hope in our Lord Jesus
Christ. For we know, brothers and sisters beloved by God, that he has
chosen you, because our message of the gospel came to you not in word
only, but also in power and in the Holy Spirit and with full conviction;
just as you know what kind of persons we proved to be among you for your
sake. And you became imitators of us and of the Lord, for in spite of
persecution you received the word with joy inspired by the Holy Spirit,
so that you became an example to all the believers in Macedonia and in
Achaia. For the word of the Lord has sounded forth from you not only in
Macedonia and Achaia, but in every place your faith in God has become
known, so that we have no need to speak about it. For the people of
those regions report about us what kind of welcome we had among you, and
how you turned to God from idols, to serve a living and true God, and to
wait for his Son from heaven, whom he raised from the dead \-- Jesus,
who rescues us from the wrath that is coming.

**GOSPEL: MATTHEW 22.15-22**

**The Pharisees went and plotted to entrap Jesus in what he said. So
they sent their disciples to him, along with the Herodians, saying,
"Teacher, we know that you are sincere, and teach the way of God in
accordance with truth, and show deference to no one; for you do not
regard people with partiality. Tell us, then, what you think. Is it
lawful to pay taxes to the emperor, or not?" But Jesus, aware of their
malice, said, "Why are you putting me to the test, you hypocrites? Show
me the coin used for the tax." And they brought him a denarius. Then he
said to them, "Whose head is this, and whose title?" They answered, "The
emperor's." Then he said to them, "Give therefore to the emperor the
things that are the emperor's, and to God the things that are God's."
When they heard this, they were amazed; and they left him and went
away.**

***NEWS FROM ST MICHAEL\'S***

***A very warm welcome*** to any new readers, and to visitors and
newcomers to St Michael\'s. A special welcome and thanks to Fr Paul
Matthias, our celebrant this morning, who will also kindly be saying
Mass for us on **Thursday at 10.30 am.** If you are new to St
Michael\'s, do join us in the Vestry Hall after the service, so that we
can welcome you properly.

**Valerie Brown\'s funeral Mass** will take place in church on Friday,
27th October, **at 12.30 pm** **(please note the slight alteration in
timing)**, followed by cremation at Vinters Park at 2.45 pm. A card from
the St Michael\'s congregation has been sent to her daughter Catherine.

**Choral Evensong** often speaks not only to active Anglicans but to
many people whose links with the Church are far less definite.
**Everyone** **will be welcome** **at Choral Evensong at St Michael\'s
on Sunday, 29th October,** with a gathered choir conducted by Gareth
James. Do pass the word around!

**From Our Tower**

**Kent County Association [Maidstone, Kent](https://dove.cccbr.org.uk/tower/12644#_blank) St Michael and All Angels**

**Sunday, 15 October 2023 in 42m (6--1--24 in C)**

**1280** **Cornwall Surprise Major**

1. Janice Byrne
2. Phillip Barnes
3. Jacqueline Barlow
4. Elizabeth Barnes
5. Paul Barton
6. Mark Elvers
7. Pam Thomas
8. Neil Jones (C)

Rung in memory of Tom Barlow (15/10/20), Charles Relle (7/10/15) and
Peter Glazebrook (12/10/23), R.I.P.. May they Rest in Peace and Rise
with Christ in Glory.

**Friday, 20 October 2023 in 42m (6--1--24 in C)**

**1296 Grandad Surprise Minor ([Lynn Scales](https://bb.ringingworld.co.uk/comp.php?id=2293671))**

1. Steve Newlands
2. Jacqueline Barlow
3. Janice Byrne
4. Mark Elvers
5. Pam Thomas
6. Stephen Coaker (C)

Rung on the Day of St Paul of the Cross, Priest, and St Frideswide.

**Vacancy News**

You will be happy to know that shortlisting has now taken place, and
that the interview day has been fixed for December 6th. The timetable
for this is still to be worked out, but **please continue to pray for
all involved in the appointment process.**

**November 19th will be Safeguarding Sunday!** - not a major
liturgical concern, but a good time to do a little stocktaking. Everyone
interested is encouraged to take the **Basic Awareness** and
**Foundations** online units, and, additionally, all PCC members now
have to take the **Awareness of Domestic Abuse** unit as well as the
first two. Churchwardens, Readers and others with special
responsibilities in the church also have to take the **Leadership** unit
-- this unit is not just for clergy. **All this is obligatory** and
Katja is responsible for seeing that we all tick the right boxes.
**Please see Katja if you have questions or need guidance --** she will
be very happy to help you. We **all** need to make sure that our church
is a place where young or vulnerable people can be confident and safe.

**Maidstone Street Pastors** are celebrating 15 years as a Christian
presence on weekend evenings on the streets of the county town, being
available to anyone who gets into difficulties among its sometimes
hectic nightlife. This can involve providing reassurance, sick-bags,
bottled water, flip-flops, rain ponchos, and even foil blankets,
sleeping-bags and small tents -- all of which costs about £13000 a year,
mostly met from donations. To find out more about what they do, and how
to support them by prayer and otherwise, visit
www.maidstone.streetpastors.org.uk.

**For your prayers:**

Among the sick we remember Margaret, Ellie, Pauline, Rue, Fr Leon,
Antony, Fran, Ellie, Tom, Joseph, Pamela, Valerie, Peter, Joan, Gay,
Margaret, Lindsay, Glynis, Ethan and Sarah.

Among the departed: Gweneth Bryson, Ann Cook, Freda Wallace and Rosamond
Jones.

***Could you pass on this sheet to someone else who might like to see
it?***
