
***A Happy New Year and a warm welcome*** to any new readers, and to
visitors and newcomers to St Michael\'s, as we keep this Feast of the
Circumcision and Naming of Jesus. A special welcome to our celebrant Fr
Paul, who will also kindly celebrate Mass for us on Thursday at 10.30
am. If you are new to St Michael\'s, please join us for tea or coffee in
the Vestry Hall after Mass, so that we can welcome you properly.

**FREE copies of *Together*** can still be found at the back of the
church. Pick one up, take it home, discover more about other parishes
like our own, and use it in your prayers!

***From Practice to Perfect*** is the title of a new booklet issued by
the Central Council of Church Bell Ringers and dealing with how Church
Bell Ringers are trained, safeguarded and organised, as well as with
such seemingly basic questions as "Why ring?" If you Google the title,
you can find a copy online; PCC members and safeguarding officers should
find it particularly informative, but it will be appreciated by anyone
who has an interest in ringing, or who has a friend or family member who
would like to know more.

**The PCC meets on 12th January.** If you would like an item included in
the Agenda, please mention it as soon as possible to Paul or Eleanor.

**Help, please!** Please speak to Paul if you can **volunteer for
welcoming or refreshments** in the coming weeks. Also, while it has
become customary here to leave the Crib in place until Candlemas, we
shall be **dismantling the rest of the Christmas decorations** after
Epiphany, on Saturday 7th January at 9 am. Any help will be most
welcome.

**A FREE Online Safeguarding Conference,** organised annually by the
dioceses of Canterbury and Rochester, takes place on 21st January from
9 am to 12.30 pm. Everyone is invited, and you can book a ticket at
<https://www.eventbrite.co.uk/e/annual-conference-2023-partnerships-in-creating-safer-church-tickets-474612728447>.

**Church, School and Household** can and should come together to nourish
children and young people in their Christian faith. This is the message
and purpose of a new diocesan hub, **"Growing Faith"**, full of
resources for anyone who comes into contact with youngsters in whichever
context. You can find it at:
<https://canterburydiocese.org/childrenandyoungpeople/growing-faith/>.

**Parish Giving Scheme:** From small beginnings in Gloucester Diocese,
this now covers 34 dioceses including our own, and our parish is taking
steps to become part of it. It relieves treasurers of various
administrative burdens, notably the Gift Aid processing. Pilot parishes
have found it most helpful in maintaining their cash flow: in December
2022 the Scheme processed over 74 000 donations and Â£1.1 million in -
monthly - Gift Aid, the latter taking only a few days to reach church
bank accounts. We shall be hearing more about all this, but in the
meantime, there is explanation, and a chance to attend a January
information session, on the diocesan website: visit
https://canterburydiocese.org/financial-giving.php.

**From our Tower**

**Kent County Association, [Maidstone,
Kent](https://dove.cccbr.org.uk/detail.php?tower=12644#_blank), St
Michael and All Angels:**

**Wednesday, 28 December 2022 in 2h 42 (6--1--24 in C) 5040** **Stedman
Triples**

W.A.Cave (6 single variation)

1Adam A Brady

2Jason R Turnock

3Michael A Birkbeck

4Paul N Mounsey

5Stephen Coaker (C)

6David J Dearnley

7Stanley Jenner

8Neil W Jones

Rung half-muffled on the Innocents\' Day.
