**Mothering Sunday (Lent 4**) **2023 Hymns 161, 484, 275, 185**

**FIRST READING Exodus 2.1-10** Now a man from the house of Levi went
and married a Levite woman. The woman conceived and bore a son; and when
she saw that he was a fine baby, she hid him for three months. When she
could hide him no longer she got a papyrus basket for him, and plastered
it with bitumen and pitch; she put the child in it and placed it among
the reeds on the bank of the river. His sister stood at a distance, to
see what would happen to him. The daughter of Pharaoh came down to bathe
at the river, while her attendants walked beside the river. She saw the
basket among the reeds and sent her maid to bring it. When she opened
it, she saw the child. He was crying, and she took pity on him. 'This
must be one of the Hebrews' children,' she said. Then his sister said to
Pharaoh's daughter, 'Shall I go and get you a nurse from the Hebrew
women to nurse the child for you?' Pharaoh's daughter said to her,
'Yes.' So the girl went and called the child's mother. Pharaoh's
daughter said to her, 'Take this child and nurse it for me, and I will
give you your wages.' So the woman took the child and nursed it. When
the child grew up, she brought him to Pharaoh's daughter, and she took
him as her son. She named him Moses, 'because', she said, 'I drew him
out of the water.'

**RESPONSORIAL PSALM 34 Response: The Lord turns his eyes to the just.**

1\. Come, children and hear me; that I may teach you the fear of the
Lord.

Who is it that desires life: and longs to see prosperous days. **R.**

2\. Guard your tongue from evil; and your lips from speaking deceit.

Turn aside from evil and do good: Seek after peace, and pursue it.
**R.**

3\. The Lord turns his eyes to the just; and his ears are open to their
cry.

The Lord turns his face against the wicked: to destroy their remembrance
from the earth. **R.**

4\. When the just cry out, the Lord hears; and rescues them in all their
distress.

The Lord is close to the broken hearted; those whose spirit is crushed
he will save. **R.**

5\. Many are the trials of the just man: but from them all the Lord will
rescue him.

He will keep guard over all his bones; not one of his bones shall be
broken. **R.**

**SECOND READING 2 Corinthians 1.3-7** Blessed be the God and Father of
our Lord Jesus Christ, the Father of mercies and the God of all
consolation, who consoles us in all our affliction, so that we may be
able to console those who are in any affliction with the consolation
with which we ourselves are consoled by God. For just as the sufferings
of Christ are abundant for us, so also our consolation is abundant
through Christ. If we are being afflicted, it is for your consolation
and salvation; if we are being consoled, it is for your consolation,
which you experience when you patiently endure the same sufferings that
we are also suffering. Our hope for you is unshaken; for we know that as
you share in our sufferings, so also you share in our consolation.

**GOSPEL Luke 2.33-35** And the child's father and mother were amazed at
what was being said about him. Then Simeon blessed them and said to his
mother Mary, 'This child is destined for the falling and the rising of
many in Israel, and to be a sign that will be opposed so that the inner
thoughts of many will be revealed --- and a sword will pierce your own
soul too.'

