
***A warm welcome*** to any new readers, and to visitors and newcomers
to St Michael\'s, as we keep this Feast of the Epiphany, when we
remember the visit of the wise men to the Holy Child, and thank God for
revealing His glory not only to the Jewish people but to all nations. A
special welcome to our celebrant Fr Paul, who will also kindly celebrate
Mass for us on Thursday at 10.30 am. If you are new to St Michael\'s,
please join us for tea or coffee in the Vestry Hall after Mass, so that
we can welcome you properly.

**The Parochial Church Council** meets on Thursday, January 12th, at
7.30 pm in the Vestry Hall.

**The Garden Working Party** meets -- weather permitting -- on Saturday,
14th January, 9.30 am to 12 noon. All helpers welcome; further
information from Martyn.

**Many thanks** to those who have so kindly given their time to
dismantle the church Christmas decorations!

**The new Bishop of Oswestry (Fr Paul Thomas SSC)** will be consecrated
in Canterbury Cathedral at Candlemas -- Thursday, February 2nd. Time
still to be confirmed, but Bishop Norman particularly asks the
Resolution parishes in our diocese to support this occasion.
Bishop-elect Paul (who will be ministering to parishes like our own in
the south-west of England, in the same way that Bishop Norman ministers
to us) asks for our prayers. If you would like to be part of this very
special service, Eleanor will have space in her car, or perhaps you
could offer a lift? -- but please note that, unfortunately, no parking
will be available at the Cathedral except for blue badge holders.

**We look forward to welcoming pupils, staff and parents of West Borough
Primary School** on the afternoon of 12th January, when they will be
holding their Christmas Concert. This had to be postponed at the end of
term because of the snowy conditions, and we are so glad that those
involved will, after all, be able to have their hard work enjoyed and
appreciated.

**Readers\' List for January:** (A Happy new year, readers! Please, if
unable to read on the day listed, try to make an arrangement with
another reader).

8 January OT Paul Jones, NT Alison Heywood

15 January OT Eta/Zangi, NT Ralph Baldock

22 January OT Catherine Garland, NT Margaret Gatehouse

29 January OT Eleanor Relle, NT Katja Svarts

**From Our Tower:**

**Kent County Association**

[**Maidstone,
Kent**](https://dove.cccbr.org.uk/detail.php?tower=12644#_blank)

**St Michael and All Angels**

Saturday, 31 December 2022 in 2h 50 (6--1--24 in C)

**5152** **Lincolnshire Surprise Major**

Simon Humphrey

1 Josephine D Horton

2 Paul A Cammiade

3 Fiona M Wheeler

4 Mark T Elvers

5 Mark Chittenden-Pile

6 Richard A Pearce

7 Stephen A Wheeler (C)

8 Neil W Jones

Rung half-muffled for the repose of the souls of The Faithful Departed
over the past 3 years.

500th together: 2 & 7

***Could you pass this sheet on to someone else who might like to see
it?***
