**4th SUNDAY AFTER TRINITY Hymns 401, 485, 311, 465**

**FIRST READING Genesis 22: 1-14** After these things God tested
Abraham. He said to him, 'Abraham!\' And he said, 'Here I am.'

He said, 'Take your son, your only son Isaac, whom you love, and go to
the land of Moriah, and offer him there as a burnt-offering on one of
the mountains that I shall show you.'

So Abraham rose early in the morning, saddled his donkey, and took two
of his young men with him, and his son Isaac; he cut the wood for the
burnt-offering, and set out and went to the place in the distance that
God had shown him. On the third day Abraham looked up and saw the place
far away. Then Abraham said to his young men, 'Stay here with the
donkey; the boy and I will go over there; we will worship, and then we
will come back to you.' Abraham took the wood of the burnt-offering and
laid it on his son Isaac, and he himself carried the fire and the knife.
So the two of them walked on together.

Isaac said to his father Abraham, 'Father!'

And he said, 'Here I am, my son.'

He said, 'The fire and the wood are here, but where is the lamb for a
burnt-offering?'

Abraham said, 'God himself will provide the lamb for a burnt-offering,
my son.' So the two of them walked on together. When they came to the
place that God had shown him, Abraham built an altar there and laid the
wood in order. He bound his son Isaac, and laid him on the altar, on top
of the wood. Then Abraham reached out his hand and took the knife to
kill his son.

But the angel of the Lord called to him from heaven, and said, 'Abraham,
Abraham!'

And he said, 'Here I am.'

He said, 'Do not lay your hand on the boy or do anything to him; for now
I know that you fear God, since you have not withheld your son, your
only son, from me.'

And Abraham looked up and saw a ram, caught in a thicket by its horns.
Abraham went and took the ram and offered it up as a burnt-offering
instead of his son. So Abraham called that place 'The Lord will
provide'; as it is said to this day, 'On the mount of the Lord it shall
be provided.'

**RESPONSORIAL PSALM 13 Response :Look upon me and answer me, O Lord.**

How long, O Lord? Will you forget me forever? How long will you hide
your face from me?

How long must I bear grief in my soul, have sorrow in my heart all day
long?

How long shall my enemy prevail over me? **R.**

Look upon me and answer me, LORD my God! Give light to my eyes lest I
fall asleep in death;

lest my enemy say, "I have overcome him"; lest my foes rejoice when they
see me fall. **R**

As for me, I trust in your merciful love. Let my heart rejoice in your
salvation.

I will sing to the Lord who has been bountiful with me. I will sing
praise to the name of the Lord Most High. **R**

**SECOND READING Romans 6:12-23** Therefore, do not let sin exercise
dominion in your mortal bodies, to make you obey their passions. No
longer present your members to sin as instruments of wickedness, but
present yourselves to God as those who have been brought from death to
life, and present your members to God as instruments of righteousness.
For sin will have no dominion over you, since you are not under law but
under grace. What then? Should we sin because we are not under law but
under grace? By no means! Do you not know that if you present yourselves
to anyone as obedient slaves, you are slaves of the one whom you obey,
either of sin, which leads to death, or of obedience, which leads to
righteousness?

But thanks be to God that you, having once been slaves of sin, have
become obedient from the heart to the form of teaching to which you were
entrusted, and that you, having been set free from sin, have become
slaves of righteousness. I am speaking in human terms because of your
natural limitations. For just as you once presented your members as
slaves to impurity and to greater and greater iniquity, so now present
your members as slaves to righteousness for sanctification. When you
were slaves of sin, you were free in regard to righteousness. So what
advantage did you then get from the things of which you now are ashamed?
The end of those things is death. But now that you have been freed from
sin and enslaved to God, the advantage you get is sanctification. The
end is eternal life. For the wages of sin is death, but the free gift of
God is eternal life in Christ Jesus our Lord.

**GOSPEL Matthew 10: 40-42**

'Whoever welcomes you welcomes me, and whoever welcomes me welcomes the
one who sent me. Whoever welcomes a prophet in the name of a prophet
will receive a prophet's reward; and whoever welcomes a righteous person
in the name of a righteous person will receive the reward of the
righteous; and whoever gives even a cup of cold water to one of these
little ones in the name of a disciple --- truly I tell you, none of
these will lose their reward.'

***NEWS FROM ST MICHAEL\'S***

*A very warm welcome* to any new readers, and to visitors and newcomers
to St Michael\'s. A special welcome and thanks to Fr Paul, our celebrant
this morning, who will also kindly be saying Mass for us on Thursday at
10.30 am. If you are new to St Michael\'s, do join us in the Vestry Hall
after the service, so that we can welcome you properly.

Today we are particularly happy to welcome little Rupert, who is being
baptised during Mass. Please pray for him, and for his parents and
godparents. We also congratulate William, who has been a member of our
congregation for some months and is now receiving conditional Baptism as
he prepares for Confirmation. Please pray for him. And let us resolve,
as a congregation, to keep our promise to continue to support our newly
baptised members with our prayers and our concern.

**Confirmation?** If you have not yet been confirmed, or if you have a
local godchild who ought to be thinking about Confirmation, Fr Paul will
be happy to hear from you. We hope that Bishop Norman may be able to fit
in a visit to St Michael\'s before he retires, and a Confirmation would
make the occasion extra-special for everyone.

**Warmest thanks and congratulations** to all who were involved in
planning our Strawberry Fair and in ensuring its success on the day,
whether by setting-up, providing merchandise, being behind stalls or
counters, and clearing up. It was a real St Michael\'s team effort, but
we are particularly grateful to Sara, who managed to organise the event
despite her complicated work commitments, and to Sue and her helpers,
who mounted the wonderful strawberry teas. With money still coming in,
we have so far achieved over £630.

**Last Sunday\'s Blessing of the Fisheries** was attended by Mike and
Mary, who report: "Bishop Norman led the worship at the annual Blessing
of the Fisheries ceremony on the harbour-side at Folkestone on Sunday,
June 25th. The service took place against the backdrop of a serene sea
and a cloudless sky. Afterwards the procession of clergy and
congregation returned up the hill to St Peter\'s Church for the closing
hymn and blessing. A splendid spread of refreshments was provided on the
lawn outside."

Various good friends of St Michael\'s were present, including Tim
Samuelson.

**A diary date for next month -- Richborough Festival at St Albans.**
Join this annual day of fellowship and celebration on **Saturday 5th
August 2023,** with Mass in the Cathedral at noon and then bring your
own picnic for lunch in Bishop Norman\'s garden**. In further
Richborough news...**

**Bishop Norman will lead a pilgrimage to the Shrine of Our Lady of
Walsingham from Friday 8th -- Sunday 10th September 2023.**To book,
please contact the Shrine accommodation office on 01328 820239,
indicating when you book that this is for the Richborough Family
Pilgrimage. If you couldn\'t join this August\'s pilgrimage, here\'s a
fresh opportunity! Or, further afield....**Bishop Norman and Canon
Adrian Ling are planning a pilgrimage to the Holy Land from 13th - 22nd
November 2024. Further details on
<https://richborough.org.uk/forthcoming-events/pilgrimage-to-the-holy-land/>.
Please note that the 2023 pilgrimage booked up very quickly, and it
would be wise to book, and start budgeting, now. Bishop Norman is an
inspiring pilgrimage leader and you can expect a wonderful experience.**

**Happy Birthday** to Malcolm, for whose contribution to our music, both
as organist and as singer, we are all deeply grateful.

**The PCC meets on Wednesday, 5th July, at 7.30 pm.** If there is
anything you would like members to discuss, please speak to a member
TODAY.

***Could you pass this sheet on to someone else who might like to see
it?***
