**2nd SUNDAY OF EPIPHANY Hymns 55, 50, 57, 393**

  --------------- -----------------
  First reading   Isaiah 49:3,5-6
  --------------- -----------------

The Lord said to me, 'You are my servant, Israel, in whom I shall be
glorified';

I was honoured in the eyes of the Lord, my God was my strength.

And now the Lord has spoken, he who formed me in the womb to be his
servant,

to bring Jacob back to him, to gather Israel to him:

'It is not enough for you to be my servant,

to restore the tribes of Jacob and bring back the survivors of Israel;

I will make you the light of the nations so that my salvation may reach
to the ends of the earth.'

  ------------------------------------------
  Responsorial Psalm Psalm 39(40):2,4,7-10
  ------------------------------------------

***Response: Here I am, Lord! I come to do your will.***

I waited, I waited for the Lord, and he stooped down to me; he heard my
cry.

He put a new song into my mouth, praise of our God.

***Here I am, Lord! I come to do your will**.*

You do not ask for sacrifice and offerings, but an open ear.

You do not ask for holocaust and victim. Instead, here am I.

***Here I am, Lord! I come to do your will.***

In the scroll of the book it stands written that I should do your will.

My God, I delight in your law in the depth of my heart.

***Here I am, Lord! I come to do your will.***

Your justice I have proclaimed in the great assembly.

My lips I have not sealed; you know it, O Lord.

***Here I am, Lord! I come to do your will.***

  ------------------------------------
  Second reading 1 Corinthians 1:1-3
  ------------------------------------

I, Paul, appointed by God to be an apostle, together with brother
Sosthenes, send greetings to the church of God in Corinth, to the holy
people of Jesus Christ, who are called to take their place among all the
saints everywhere who pray to our Lord Jesus Christ; for he is their
Lord no less than ours. May God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ
send you grace and peace.

  -------- --------------
  Gospel   John 1:29-34
  -------- --------------

Seeing Jesus coming towards him, John said, 'Look, there is the lamb of
God that takes away the sin of the world. This is the one I spoke of
when I said: A man is coming after me who ranks before me because he
existed before me. I did not know him myself, and yet it was to reveal
him to Israel that I came baptising with water.' John also declared, 'I
saw the Spirit coming down on him from heaven like a dove and resting on
him. I did not know him myself, but he who sent me to baptise with water
had said to me, "The man on whom you see the Spirit come down and rest
is the one who is going to baptise with the Holy Spirit." Yes, I have
seen and I am the witness that he is the Chosen One of God.'

***Could you pass this sheet on to someone else who might like to see
it?***

*NEWS FROM ST MICHAEL\'S*

***A warm welcome*** to any new readers, and to visitors and newcomers
to St Michael\'s, as we keep this second Sunday of Epiphany. A special
welcome and many thanks to our celebrant Fr Derek, who has kindly
stepped in to celebrate Mass for us today, as Fr Paul is convalescing
after a chest infection. If you are new to St Michael\'s, please join us
for tea or coffee in the Vestry Hall after Mass, so that we can welcome
you properly.

**Watch this space...** At their meeting on Thursday, the PCC considered
ways in which we at St Michael\'s could recharge our batteries in this
new year, particularly with Lent in mind. While some of the things we
have done in the past (for example a residential pilgrimage to
Walsingham) would be difficult to arrange in the available time, we
think many of us would benefit from a Quiet Day with minimal travelling
involved. We are therefore working towards a **Quiet Day at The
Friars,** probably on a Saturday in March - details to be announced
shortly. Everyone will be welcome to join in this; a Quiet Day is a
wonderful opportunity to recharge one\'s batteries, and at a time when
we are concerned about so many things, including the future of the
parish, time to be still together in the presence of God will be of
value to us, and not only to us. More information very soon.

**Sidespersons -- we need them!** The PCC also noted the importance of
welcoming worshippers (particularly newcomers and visitors), and also of
managing the collection appropriately (it was clear at Christmas that
not everyone spotted the collection plate, and it\'s not something one
necessarily wants to point out to a visitor who has just come through
the door). We do need more people who are willing to welcome new
arrivals and to circulate the plate during the Offertory. Could you do
this worthwhile job, perhaps once a month? Please have a word with Paul,
who can give you further information.

**Parish Giving Scheme:** As we have previously noted, this new scheme
promises well, both for church finances and for the sanity of parish
Treasurers. The PCC has approved our participating in the PGS (as the
diocese is withdrawing much of the administrative support that has
hitherto been available to parish Treasurers, non-participation would
not be sensible) and we shall hear more from Treasurer Nelly shortly
about any changes that have to be implemented at our end.

**Come to Canterbury on February 2nd for the Consecration of the new
Bishop of Oswestry!** This will be a memorable and moving way of keeping
Candlemas, and an occasion at which Bishop Norman is anxious to see a
good representation from the Resolution parishes in this diocese.
Eleanor has 3 places in her car and would be glad to know of anyone else
who can offer a lift.

**Cards and packs of envelopes,** in significant numbers, are still
awaiting collection in the narthex. Are there any for you, or for a
friend or neighbour to whom you could kindly deliver? Many have been
there since before Christmas -- please take a moment to check!

**Work on our East Window** will -- at last! - be beginning shortly.

**From Our Tower:**

**Kent County Association**

[**Maidstone**,
Kent](https://dove.cccbr.org.uk/detail.php?tower=12644#_blank)

St Michael and All Angels

Sunday, 8 January 2023 in 39m (6--1--24 in C)

**1269** **Cambridge Surprise Minor**

1Jacqueline Barlow

2Stephen Coaker

3John J Proudfoot

4Mark Elvers

5Pam Thomas

6Neil Jones (C)

Rung on the first Sunday of Epiphany. Remembering Joyce Neal, 5/1/99.
R.I.P.
