
***A very warm welcome** to any new readers, and to visitors and
newcomers to St Michael\'s. A special welcome-back and thanks to Fr Paul
Matthias, our celebrant this morning, who will also kindly be saying
Mass for us on **Thursday at 10.30 am.** If you are new to St
Michael\'s, do join us in the Vestry Hall after the service, so that we
can welcome you properly.*

***Warmest Thanks** to everyone -- visiting celebrants, musicians,
decorators, altar party, readers and sound engineer -- whose efforts
combined to make our worship memorable on Christmas Eve and Christmas
Day. Additional help is always welcome; please let us know of any way in
which **you** would like to serve the St Michael\'s family.*

***Valerie Stickland,** a devoted member of our congregation, died
peacefully at home in the early hours of Saturday morning. Educated at
Old Palace School, Croydon, and Homerton College, Cambridge, she was
Headmistress of the St Michael\'s Schools from 1969 until her
retirement. Gentle, astute and imaginative, she will be remembered for
the astonishingly beautiful garden she created in a tiny space at her
final home in Matterdale Gardens; for the bicycle-crowned cakes she
produced for Ride and Stride; for the brown-and-gold kneelers she
rescued from a skip outside another church and re-homed at St Michael\'s
-- and, most of all, for the interest she took in everything, which made
her such fun to be with. We pray for her, and for her nephews and their
families. May she rest in peace.*

***As you clear up the Christmas wrappings**.... Are there any
interesting stamps among them? Please think of bringing them to church,
and putting them in Jacqui\'s box in the narthex, for the Royal National
Lifeboat Institution.*

***Epiphany --** when we remember the visit of the wise men to the
infant Christ -- will be transferred to Sunday 7th January. At St
Michael\'s we shall celebrate it with Mass as usual, but also with an
extra **Service of music and readings** **at 5pm.** There will be an
augmented choir, and **seasonal refreshments** in the Vestry Hall will
follow. Everyone is welcome - please come, and invite your friends.*

***Have you ever made a pilgrimage to Walsingham?** This isn\'t as
rarefied an activity as you might think; it\'s a chance to spend time
with God and with our Lady (whose example loving obedience points us
towards Him) while enjoying the beautiful countryside of north Norfolk
and the company of other Catholic Christians. Fr Peter Harnden of
Harbledown will next month be making a preliminary booking for the
pilgrimage he is leading on **August 19th-24^th,^**. If you think you
**might** be interested in joining parishioners from Folkestone,
Harbledown and Deal on this pilgrimage, please speak to Eleanor; a
notional idea of possible numbers is all Fr Peter needs at this stage,
and no one is committed, but it would be so encouraging to have plenty
of enquiries from St Michael\'s. It is usually possible to arrange lifts
for pilgrims who would need one.*

***Can someone very kindly take charge of washing and ironing the altar
linen** (corporals, lavabo towels and purificators)? We are most
grateful to Katja, who has done this in the recent past but is now
unable to continue. We can arrange to deliver and collect if transport
poses a problem. Please speak to Jonathan if you think you may be able
to help.*

***From Our Tower***

***Kent County Association,*** **[Maidstone,
Kent](https://dove.cccbr.org.uk/tower/12644#_blank): St Michael and All
Angels**

Friday, 22 December 2023 in 43m (6--1--24 in C)

**1272** **Norwich Surprise Minor**

1. Jacqueline Barlow
2. Charlotte Elvers
3. Lucy Harvey
4. Mark Elvers
5. Philip Jarvis
6. Neil Jones (C)

1st in m: 2 & 3. Rung in anticipation of Christmas.

Thursday, 28 December 2023 in 2h 43 (6--1--24 in C)

**5040** **Stedman Triples -** W A Cave\'s six singles variation

1. Jason R Turnock
2. Adam A Brady
3. Jacqueline M Barlow
4. Michael A Birkbeck
5. Andrew M Hills
6. Paul N Mounsey (C)
7. David J Dearnley
8. Neil W Jones

Rung half-muffled on the Innocents\' Day

***Could you pass this sheet on to someone else who might like to see
it?***
