
***A warm welcome*** to any new readers, and to visitors and newcomers
to St Michael\'s.

As we move towards Lent, today\'s readings might prompt us to ask
ourselves how ready we are to "listen to Him" - something we may
particularly need to do in the coming weeks. A special welcome to Fr
Paul, who is kindly celebrating today and will also be celebrating Mass
for us on Ash Wednesday (see below) and on Thursday at 10.30 am. If you
are new to St Michael\'s, do join us for tea or coffee in the Vestry
Hall after Mass, so that we can welcome you properly.

**Ash Wednesday is this Wednesday, 22nd February. Mass at 7.30 pm.**

**Bishop Norman will be celebrating and preaching for us next Sunday**,
the 26th February. Let us all be present to welcome him and share in
the parish lunch after Mass.

**Garden Working Party** meets for general cleaning and tidying on
Saturday 25th from 9.30 to 12 noon. Everyone welcome -- please speak
to Martyn. Thank you to our gardeners, and to all who have been working
quietly, month after month, to keep our church and its surroundings
looking their best.

**Our Lent Quiet Day,** accompanied by Fr Derek, is booked for 25th
March at The Friars. We shall have the use of the St Albert Room, and
the beautiful Cloister Chapel will be the setting for our Mass. If the
weather is kind, there is the chance to take some quiet time in the
delightful grounds. If you haven\'t put your name down and would like to
do so, there is still time -- please speak to Jonathan. Cost per person
will depend on final numbers -- but it will be around £10-£12. (We bring
our own lunch). It will be particularly good to hear from drivers
willing to offer lifts.

**From Our Tower**:

**Kent County Association**

[**Maidstone,
Kent**](https://dove.cccbr.org.uk/detail.php?tower=12644#_blank)

**St Michael and All Angels**

Sunday, 5 February 2023 in 41m (6--1--24 in C)

**1320** **Spliced Surprise Minor** (2m)

(720 York; 600 Durham; 10 com.

1Pam Thomas

2Philip Jarvis

3Paul Barton

4Mark Elvers

5Rupert Cheeseman

6Neil Jones (C)

Rung on the Saints\' Day of the Martyrs of Japan, 1597.
