**TRINITY 16 Hymns 420, 271, 376, 339**

**FIRST READING Exodus 16.2-15** The whole congregation of the
Israelites complained against Moses and Aaron in the wilderness. The
Israelites said to them, 'If only we had died by the hand of the Lord in
the land of Egypt, when we sat by the fleshpots and ate our fill of
bread; for you have brought us out into this wilderness to kill this
whole assembly with hunger.\' Then the [Lord]{.smallcaps} said to Moses,
'I am going to rain bread from heaven for you, and each day the people
shall go out and gather enough for that day. In that way I will test
them, whether they will follow my instruction or not. On the sixth day,
when they prepare what they bring in, it will be twice as much as they
gather on other days.' So Moses and Aaron said to all the Israelites,
'In the evening you shall know that it was the [Lord]{.smallcaps} who
brought you out of the land of Egypt, and in the morning you shall see
the glory of the [Lord]{.smallcaps}, because he has heard your
complaining against the [Lord]{.smallcaps}. For what are we, that you
complain against us?' And Moses said, 'When the [Lord]{.smallcaps} gives
you meat to eat in the evening and your fill of bread in the morning,
because the [Lord]{.smallcaps} has heard the complaining that you utter
against him---what are we? Your complaining is not against us but
against the [Lord]{.smallcaps}.'Then Moses said to Aaron, 'Say to the
whole congregation of the Israelites, "Draw near to
the [Lord]{.smallcaps}, for he has heard your complaining." ' And as
Aaron spoke to the whole congregation of the Israelites, they looked
towards the wilderness, and the glory of the [Lord]{.smallcaps} appeared
in the cloud. The [Lord]{.smallcaps} spoke to Moses and said, 'I have
heard the complaining of the Israelites; say to them, "At twilight you
shall eat meat, and in the morning you shall have your fill of bread;
then you shall know that I am the [Lord]{.smallcaps} your God." 'In the
evening quails came up and covered the camp; and in the morning there
was a layer of dew around the camp. When the layer of dew lifted, there
on the surface of the wilderness was a fine flaky substance, as fine as
frost on the ground. When the Israelites saw it, they said to one
another, 'What is it?' For they did not know what it was. Moses said to
them, 'It is the bread that the [Lord]{.smallcaps} has given you to
eat.\'

**RESPONSORIAL PSALM 105 Response: Remember the marvels the Lord has
done**

 He struck all the first-born in their land, the finest flower of their
sons.

 He led out Israel with silver and gold. In his tribes were none who
fell behind.

 Egypt rejoiced when they left, for dread had fallen upon them.

He spread a cloud as a screen, and fire to give light in the darkness.
**R**

 When they asked for food he sent quails; he filled them with bread from
heaven.

He pierced the rock to give them water; it gushed forth in the desert
like a river.

 For he remembered his holy word, which he gave to Abraham his servant.
**R**

So he brought out his people with joy, his chosen ones with shouts of
rejoicing.

 And he gave them the land of the nations. They took the fruit of other
men's toil,

That thus they might keep his precepts, that thus they might observe his
laws. Alleluia. **R**

**SECOND READING Philippians 1.21-30** For to me, living is Christ and
dying is gain. If I am to live in the flesh, that means fruitful labour
for me; and I do not know which I prefer. I am hard pressed between the
two: my desire is to depart and be with Christ, for that is far better;
but to remain in the flesh is more necessary for you. Since I am
convinced of this, I know that I will remain and continue with all of
you, for your progress and joy in faith, so that I may share abundantly
in your boasting in Christ Jesus when I come to you again. Only, live
your life in a manner worthy of the gospel of Christ, so that, whether I
come and see you or am absent and hear about you, I will know that you
are standing firm in one spirit, striving side by side with one mind for
the faith of the gospel, and are in no way intimidated by your
opponents. For them this is evidence of their destruction, but of your
salvation. And this is God's doing. For he has graciously granted you
the privilege not only of believing in Christ, but of suffering for him
as well--- since you are having the same struggle that you saw I had,
and now hear that I still have.

**GOSPEL Matthew 20.1-16** 'For the kingdom of heaven is like a
landowner who went out early in the morning to hire labourers for his
vineyard. After agreeing with the labourers for the usual daily wage, he
sent them into his vineyard. When he went out about nine o'clock, he saw
others standing idle in the market-place; and he said to them, "You also
go into the vineyard, and I will pay you whatever is right." So they
went. When he went out again about noon and about three o'clock, he did
the same. And about five o'clock he went out and found others standing
around; and he said to them, "Why are you standing here idle all day?"
They said to him, "Because no one has hired us." He said to them, "You
also go into the vineyard." When evening came, the owner of the vineyard
said to his manager, "Call the labourers and give them their pay,
beginning with the last and then going to the first." When those hired
about five o'clock came, each of them received the usual daily wage. Now
when the first came, they thought they would receive more; but each of
them also received the usual daily wage. And when they received it, they
grumbled against the landowner, saying, "These last worked only one
hour, and you have made them equal to us who have borne the burden of
the day and the scorching heat." But he replied to one of them, "Friend,
I am doing you no wrong; did you not agree with me for the usual daily
wage? Take what belongs to you and go; I choose to give to this last the
same as I give to you. Am I not allowed to do what I choose with what
belongs to me? Or are you envious because I am generous?" So the last
will be first, and the first will be last.'

***Could you pass on this sheet to someone else who might like to see
it?***

