**THIRD SUNDAY BEFORE LENT - 5th February 2023**

**Hymns NEH 377, 433, 282, 235**

**FIRST READING Isaiah 58.1-9a** Shout out, do not hold back! Lift up
your voice like a trumpet! Announce to my people their rebellion, to the
house of Jacob their sins. Yet day after day they seek me and delight to
know my ways, as if they were a nation that practised righteousness and
did not forsake the ordinance of their God; they ask of me righteous
judgements, they delight to draw near to God. 'Why do we fast, but you
do not see? Why humble ourselves, but you do not notice?' Look, you
serve your own interest on your fast-day, and oppress all your workers.
Look, you fast only to quarrel and to fight and to strike with a wicked
fist. Such fasting as you do today will not make your voice heard on
high. Is such the fast that I choose, a day to humble oneself? Is it to
bow down the head like a bulrush, and to lie in sackcloth and ashes?
Will you call this a fast, a day acceptable to the Lord? Is not this the
fast that I choose: to loose the bonds of injustice, to undo the thongs
of the yoke, to let the oppressed go free, and to break every yoke? Is
it not to share your bread with the hungry, and bring the homeless poor
into your house; when you see the naked, to cover them, and not to hide
yourself from your own kin? Then your light shall break forth like the
dawn, and your healing shall spring up quickly; your vindicator shall go
before you, the glory of the Lord shall be your rearguard. Then you
shall call, and the Lord will answer; you shall cry for help, and he
will say, Here I am.

**RESPONSORIAL PSALM 112**

**Response: The good man is a light in the darkness for the upright.**

1\. He is a light in the darkness for the upright: he is generous,
merciful and just.

The good man takes pity and lends; he conducts his affairs with honour.
**R.**

2\. The just man will never waver: he will be remembered for ever.

He has no fear of evil news; with a firm heart he trusts in the Lord.
**R.**

3\. With a steadfast heart he will not fear; open-handed, he gives to
the poor.

His justice stands firm for ever: his head will be raised in glory.
**R.**

**SECOND READING 1 Corinthians 2.1-12** When I came to you, brothers and
sisters, I did not come proclaiming the mystery of God to you in lofty
words or wisdom. For I decided to know nothing among you except Jesus
Christ, and him crucified. And I came to you in weakness and in fear and
in much trembling. My speech and my proclamation were not with plausible
words of wisdom,but with a demonstration of the Spirit and of power, so
that your faith might rest not on human wisdom but on the power of God.
Yet among the mature we do speak wisdom, though it is not a wisdom of
this age or of the rulers of this age, who are doomed to perish. But we
speak God's wisdom, secret and hidden, which God decreed before the ages
for our glory. None of the rulers of this age understood this; for if
they had, they would not have crucified the Lord of glory. But, as it is
written, 'What no eye has seen, nor ear heard, nor the human heart
conceived, what God has prepared for those who love him'--- these things
God has revealed to us through the Spirit; for the Spirit searches
everything, even the depths of God. For what human being knows what is
truly human except the human spirit that is within? So also no one
comprehends what is truly God's except the Spirit of God. Now we have
received not the spirit of the world, but the Spirit that is from God,
so that we may understand the gifts bestowed on us by God.

**GOSPEL Matthew 5.13-20** 'You are the salt of the earth; but if salt
has lost its taste, how can its saltiness be restored? It is no longer
good for anything, but is thrown out and trampled under foot. 'You are
the light of the world. A city built on a hill cannot be hidden. No one
after lighting a lamp puts it under the bushel basket, but on the
lampstand, and it gives light to all in the house. In the same way, let
your light shine before others, so that they may see your good works and
give glory to your Father in heaven. 'Do not think that I have come to
abolish the law or the prophets; I have come not to abolish but to
fulfil. For truly I tell you, until heaven and earth pass away, not one
letter, not one stroke of a letter, will pass from the law until all is
accomplished. Therefore, whoever breaks one of the least of these
commandments, and teaches others to do the same, will be called least in
the kingdom of heaven; but whoever does them and teaches them will be
called great in the kingdom of heaven. For I tell you, unless your
righteousness exceeds that of the scribes and Pharisees, you will never
enter the kingdom of heaven.

***Could you pass on this sheet to someone else who might like to see
it?***

