
***A very warm welcome*** to any new readers, and to visitors and
newcomers to St Michael\'s. A special welcome and thanks to Fr Paul
Matthias, our celebrant this morning, who will also kindly be saying
Mass for us on **Thursday at 10.30 am.** If you are new to St
Michael\'s, do join us in the Vestry Hall after the service, so that we
can welcome you properly.

**Our pre-Christmas Fair** is nearer than we think! Please look out for
things that would make good Tombola prizes, and think about home-made
items such as cakes and jams (please attach a list of ingredients). Or
provide something crafty, or Christmassy, or nice for the garden! There
are boxes at the back of church for such items as prizes -- please bring
along what you can!

If you are willing to run a stall or come and help, don\'t leave Sara to
wonder -- please let her know! If she has to miss Mass for work reasons,
Sara can be reached, with any offers or questions, on 07837 919761.

**Interview Day** for the priest(s) who wish to be considered for St
Michael\'s will be on December 6th. There will be a lunch in church
before the formal interview session in the afternoon. If you can offer
to help with this in any way, please speak to Sue, who will be delighted
to hear from you. And please, everyone, continue to pray for all
concerned in the appointment process.

**Everyone is welcome** to join in the patronal festival celebrations of
St Andrew\'s, Deal, on **Thursday, November 30th.** Mass at 7 pm will
be followed by a fish-and-chip supper.

**This weekend Canterbury Cathedral Shop offers a 20% discount** on
orders over £50 (no code required, offer closes November 20th). Visit
canterbury-cathedral.org/shop/ and let your Christmas shopping benefit
the Cathedral....

Also at the Cathedral - A chance to visit its **stained glass studio
workshop**, which is celebrating 50 years of protecting, conserving and
maintaining the Cathedral\'s magnificent windows, some of which date
back to the 12th century. A special studio visit is offered on 1st
December at 11 am, cost £25. Book online via canterbury-cathedral.org.

**King\'s Reach Education,** a Christian educational charity seeking to
help disadvantaged young people and their families, and now registered
as an independent special school, is looking for a "bespoke" SEN teacher
and other team members. Contact <recruitment@kingsreach.org.uk>.

**From our Tower:**

**Kent County Association [Maidstone,
Kent](https://dove.cccbr.org.uk/tower/12644#_blank), St Michael and All
Angels**

Friday, 3 November 2023 in 40m (6--1--24 in C)

**1271** **High Halden Surprise Minor**

1.  Janice Byrne
2.  Jacqueline Barlow
3.  Philip Jarvis
4.  Mark Elvers
5.  Pam Thomas
6.  Neil Jones (C) 

An 80th birthday compliment to Margaret Funnell (2/11/23).

Rung on the Saint\'s Day of Richard Hooker, Priest, Anglican Apologist,
Teacher of the Faith (1600) snd Martin of Porres, Friar (1639).

Sunday, 5 November 2023 in 39m (6--1--24 in C)

**1271** **Ipswich Surprise Minor**

1.  Philip Jarvis
2.  Jacqueline Barlow
3.  Paul Barton
4.  Mark Elvers
5.  Pam Thomas
6.  Neil Jones (C) 

In memory of Shiela Ann Barton, who passed to her final rest on 4th
November 2022.

Rung on the Saint\'s Day of Frances D\'Amboise, 1485.

**For your prayers:** Among the sick we pray for Margaret, Ellie,
Pauline, Rue, Fr Leon, Antony, Fran, Ellie, Tom, Joseph, Valerie, Peter,
Joan, Margaret, Lindsay, Glynis, Ethan, Sarah, Yvonne and Paul.

Please pray for all who have died, and are dying, as a result of war,
and for members and friends of the St Michael\'s family whose year\'s
mind falls at this time: Duncan Sherman, Irene Place, Connie Bridge,
Tony Read, Monica Wakelin.

***Could you pass this sheet on to someone else who might like to see
it?***
