**SECOND SUNDAY OF EASTER Hymns 103, 112, 102, 121**

**FIRST READING Acts 2.14a,22-32** But Peter, standing with the eleven,
raised his voice and addressed them: 'You that are Israelites, listen to
what I have to say: Jesus of Nazareth, a man attested to you by God with
deeds of power, wonders, and signs that God did through him among you,
as you yourselves know--- this man, handed over to you according to the
definite plan and foreknowledge of God, you crucified and killed by the
hands of those outside the law. But God raised him up, having freed him
from death, because it was impossible for him to be held in its power.
For David says concerning him, *"I saw the Lord always before me, for he
is at my right hand so that I will not be shaken; therefore my heart was
glad, and my tongue rejoiced; moreover, my flesh will live in hope. For
you will not abandon my soul to Hades, or let your Holy One experience
corruption. You have made known to me the ways of life; you will make me
full of gladness with your presence.*" 'Fellow Israelites, I may say to
you confidently of our ancestor David that he both died and was buried,
and his tomb is with us to this day. Since he was a prophet, he knew
that God had sworn with an oath to him that he would put one of his
descendants on his throne. Foreseeing this, David spoke of the
resurrection of the Messiah, saying, "He was not abandoned to Hades, nor
did his flesh experience corruption." This Jesus God raised up, and of
that all of us are witnesses.

**Responsorial Psalm 16**

**Response:** *Alleluia, Alleluia, Alleluia*

Preserve me, God, I take refuge in you. I say to the Lord: 'You are my
God.   
O Lord, it is you who are my portion and cup; it is you yourself who are
my prize.' **R**

I will bless the Lord who gives me counsel, who even at night directs my
heart.   
I keep the Lord ever in my sight: since he is at my right hand, I shall
stand firm. **R**

And so my heart rejoices, my soul is glad; even my body shall rest in
safety.   
For you will not leave my soul among the dead, nor let your beloved know
decay. **R**

You will show me the path of life, the fullness of joy in your presence,   
at your right hand happiness for ever. **R**

**SECOND READING 1 Peter 1.3-9** Blessed be the God and Father of our
Lord Jesus Christ! By his great mercy he has given us a new birth into a
living hope through the resurrection of Jesus Christ from the dead, and
into an inheritance that is imperishable, undefiled, and unfading, kept
in heaven for you, who are being protected by the power of God through
faith for a salvation ready to be revealed in the last time. In this you
rejoice, even if now for a little while you have had to suffer various
trials, so that the genuineness of your faith---being more precious than
gold that, though perishable, is tested by fire---may be found to result
in praise and glory and honour when Jesus Christ is revealed. Although
you have not seen him, you love him; and even though you do not see him
now, you believe in him and rejoice with an indescribable and glorious
joy, for you are receiving the outcome of your faith, the salvation of
your souls.

**GOSPEL John 20.19-31** When it was evening on that day, the first day
of the week, and the doors of the house where the disciples had met were
locked for fear of the Jews, Jesus came and stood among them and said,
'Peace be with you.' After he said this, he showed them his hands and
his side. Then the disciples rejoiced when they saw the Lord. Jesus said
to them again, 'Peace be with you. As the Father has sent me, so I send
you.' When he had said this, he breathed on them and said to them,
'Receive the Holy Spirit. If you forgive the sins of any, they are
forgiven them; if you retain the sins of any, they are retained.' But
Thomas (who was called the Twin), one of the twelve, was not with them
when Jesus came. So the other disciples told him, 'We have seen the
Lord.' But he said to them, 'Unless I see the mark of the nails in his
hands, and put my finger in the mark of the nails and my hand in his
side, I will not believe.' A week later his disciples were again in the
house, and Thomas was with them. Although the doors were shut, Jesus
came and stood among them and said, 'Peace be with you.' Then he said to
Thomas, 'Put your finger here and see my hands. Reach out your hand and
put it in my side. Do not doubt but believe.' Thomas answered him, 'My
Lord and my God!' Jesus said to him, 'Have you believed because you have
seen me? Blessed are those who have not seen and yet have come to
believe.' Now Jesus did many other signs in the presence of his
disciples, which are not written in this book. But these are written so
that you may come to believe that Jesus is the Messiah, the Son of God,
and that through believing you may have life in his name.

***ST MICHAEL\'S NEWS***

A very warm welcome to any new readers, and to visitors and newcomers to
St Michael\'s. A special welcome to Fr Paul, our celebrant this morning,
who will also kindly be celebrating Mass for us on Thursday at 10.30 am.
If you are new to St Michael\'s, do join us for tea or coffee in the
Vestry Hall after the service, so that we can welcome you properly.

**Our Coronation Lunch** will take place after Mass on Sunday, May
7th. Do please sign up on the list at the back of church, indicating
what you would like to bring! Alison will welcome any offers of help
before or after. And it isn\'t too early to start having ideas for the
**Strawberry Fair on Saturday, July 1st.** Could you help to publicise
it, or track down any suitable goodies to be sold or raffled? Have a
word with Sara when you can.

**Maidstone Bible Week,** Tuesday 9th -- Friday 12th May. We are among
the Maidstone churches who have been asked to publicise this; details
and flyers can be found at the back of church. This year\'s focus is on
the Book of Daniel.

**Easter Flowers:** Thank you, members of the congregation who gave
lilies in memory of loved ones. You will find their names listed in the
Narthex.

**Orthodox Easter this Sunday!** The PCC has been delighted to welcome
Fr Michael and his Romanian Orthodox congregation to celebrate Easter in
our church building.

**From our Tower: Kent County Association, Maidstone,
Kent: St
Michael and All Angels**

Sunday, 2 April 2023 in 42m (6--1--24 in C)

**1280 Double Norwich Court Bob Major**

[Composed by Neil W
Jones](https://bb.ringingworld.co.uk/comp.php?id=2290495)

1. Mark Elvers
2. Philip Jarvis
3. Jacqueline Barlow
4. Janice Byrne
5. Paul Barton
6. Stephen Coaker
7. Pam Thomas
8. Neil Jones (C)

Rung on Palm Sunday prior to Stations of the Cross.

**Friday, 7 April 2023 in 43m (6--1--24 in C)**

**1260 Stedman Triples**

1. Jason R Turnock
2. Michael A Birkbeck
3. Stephen J Beckingham
4. Janice A Byrne
5. Nicholas Wilkins
6. Peter J Joyce
7. Mark Chittenden-Pile (C)
8. Pam Thomas

Rung half-muffled for Good Friday.

Sunday, 9 April 2023 in 41m (6--1--24 in C)

**1320 Spliced Surprise Minor** (2m)

(720 York; 600 Durham; 9 com.)

1. Jacqueline Barlow
2. Janice Byrne
3. Kath White
4. Mark Elvers
5. Rupert Cheeseman
6. Neil Jones (C)

Rung on Easter Sunday.

***Could you pass on this sheet to someone else who might like to see
it?***
