**REMEMBRANCE SUNDAY Hymns 488, 417, 493, 354**

**FIRST READING Micah 4.1-7** In days to come the mountain of the Lord's
house shall be established as the highest of the mountains, and shall be
raised up above the hills. Peoples shall stream to it, and many nations
shall come and say: 'Come, let us go up to the mountain of the Lord, to
the house of the God of Jacob; that he may teach us his ways and that we
may walk in his paths.' For out of Zion shall go forth instruction, and
the word of the Lord from Jerusalem. He shall judge between many
peoples, and shall arbitrate between strong nations far away; they shall
beat their swords into ploughshares, and their spears into
pruning-hooks; nation shall not lift up sword against nation, neither
shall they learn war any more; but they shall all sit under their own
vines and under their own fig trees, and no one shall make them afraid;
for the mouth of the Lord of hosts has spoken. For all the peoples walk,
each in the name of its god, but we will walk in the name of the Lord
our God for ever and ever. On that day, says the Lord, I will assemble
the lame and gather those who have been driven away, and those whom I
have afflicted. The lame I will make the remnant, and those who were
cast off, a strong nation; and the Lord will reign over them in Mount
Zion now and for evermore.

**RESPONSORIAL PSALM 27**

***Response: I am sure I shall see the Lord's goodness in the land of
the living*.**

1\. The Lord is my light and my help; whom shall I fear?

The Lord is the stronghold of my life; before whom shall I shrink.
***R.***

2\. There is one thing I ask of the Lord; for this I long.

To live in the house of the Lord; all the days of my life. ***R.***

3\. O Lord, hear my voice when I call; have mercy and answer.

It is your face, O Lord, that I seek: hide not your face. ***R.***

4\. I am sure I shall see the Lord's goodness; in the land of the
living.

Hope in him, hold firm and take heart; hope in the Lord. ***R.***

**SECOND READING Romans 8.31-39** What then are we to say about these
things? If God is for us, who is against us? He who did not withhold his
own Son, but gave him up for all of us, will he not with him also give
us everything else? Who will bring any charge against God's elect? It is
God who justifies. Who is to condemn? It is Christ Jesus, who died, yes,
who was raised, who is at the right hand of God, who indeed intercedes
for us. Who will separate us from the love of Christ? Will hardship, or
distress, or persecution, or famine, or nakedness, or peril, or sword?
As it is written, 'For your sake we are being killed all day long; we
are accounted as sheep to be slaughtered.' No, in all these things we
are more than conquerors through him who loved us. For I am convinced
that neither death, nor life, nor angels, nor rulers, nor things
present, nor things to come, nor powers, nor height, nor depth, nor
anything else in all creation, will be able to separate us from the love
of God in Christ Jesus our Lord.

**GOSPEL John 15.9-17** As the Father has loved me, so I have loved you;
abide in my love. If you keep my commandments, you will abide in my
love, just as I have kept my Father's commandments and abide in his
love. I have said these things to you so that my joy may be in you, and
that your joy may be complete. This is my commandment, that you love one
another as I have loved you. No one has greater love than this, to lay
down one's life for one's friends. You are my friends if you do what I
command you. I do not call you servants any longer, because the servant
does not know what the master is doing; but I have called you friends,
because I have made known to you everything that I have heard from my
Father. You did not choose me but I chose you. And I appointed you to go
and bear fruit, fruit that will last, so that the Father will give you
whatever you ask him in my name. I am giving you these commands so that
you may love one another.

***Could you pass on this sheet to someone else who might like to see
it?***

