
***A warm welcome*** to any new readers, and to visitors and newcomers
to St Michael\'s.

As we move towards Lent, today\'s readings encourage us to thank God for
His generosity in creating and redeeming the world, and to seek to live
in a spirit that reflects that generosity. A special welcome to Fr Paul,
who is kindly celebrating today and will also be celebrating Mass for us
on Thursday at 10.30. If you are new to St Michael\'s, do join us for
tea or coffee in the Vestry Hall after Mass, so that we can welcome you
properly.

**Garden Working Party** plans an extra session on **Saturday, February
11th, 9.30 am to 12 noon.** The regular session, on **February 25th**,
will be devoted to general clearing and tidying before Bishop Norman\'s
visit. There are many jobs connected with a church that get noticed only
when they don\'t get done -- so thanks to all cleaners, tidiers,
polishers and gardeners, and a particular thank you to Jessica for her
work last week in dismantling the Crib and sorting out the flower
corner.

**A notice from Jessica** about Easter flowers will be appearing shortly
-- watch this space!

**Ministry** isn\'t something done just by clergy. Lay ministry takes
many forms, some "official" and some less so. A FREE **Lay Ministry
Celebration Day** takes place on May 13th at St Augustine\'s College,
Malling Abbey, 10.30-4.30 -- a chance to learn about specialised
ministry like Anna Chaplaincy, to take a fresh look at whatever we are
already doing in the service of our church, and to learn from visiting
speakers and from one another. Eleanor will have space in her car.
Information and booking via:
 [https://staugustinescollege](https://staugustinescollege/)[.](https://staugustinescollege.us14.list-manage.com/track/click?u=99e8484fc412287e9a19bbe7d&id=5e6f64f514&e=e7f3176340#_blank)

**Foster Carers** do a wonderful job and are always needed. The Diagrama
fostering agency is running an information event on Thursday, 23^rd^
February, 11 am -- 2 pm, at Maidstone Community Support Centre, 39-48
Marsham Street, for anyone who might be interested in exploring
fostering. Or telephone 0800 802 1910 for a brochure.

**Don\'t forget -- Wednesday 22nd February is Ash Wednesday. Mass will
be at 7.30 pm.**

**Bishop Norman\'s Visit, February 26th:** Sue Matthias or Alison Ponter
will still welcome offers of help and/or food.

***Could you pass this sheet on to someone else who might like to see
it?***
