
***A very warm welcome*** to any new readers, and to visitors and
newcomers to St Michael\'s. A special welcome and thanks to Fr Paul
Matthias, our celebrant this morning, who will also kindly be saying
Mass for us on **Thursday at 10.30 am.** If you are new to St
Michael\'s, do join us in the Vestry Hall after the service, so that we
can welcome you properly.

**Our pre-Christmas Fair** is nearer than we think! Please look out for
things that would make good Tombola prizes, and think about home-made
items such as cakes and jams (please attach a list of ingredients). Or
provide something crafty, or Christmassy, or nice for the garden! There
are boxes at the back of church for such items as prizes -- please bring
along what you can!

If you are willing to run a stall or come and help, don\'t leave Sara to
wonder -- please let her know! If she has to miss Mass for work reasons,
Sara can be reached, with any offers or questions, on 07837 919761.

**Canterbury Cathedral** invites visitors to enjoy a special tour of its
magnificent stained glass, some of which is among the oldest in the
world. The tours take place on Tuesdays and Saturdays, 11.15-12.15,
until December 23^rd^, and the charge is £5. St Michael\'s is rightly
proud of its Victorian stained glass, but the medieval glass at
Canterbury, some of it very recently cleaned and restored, is well worth
going to discover in greater depth than might be possible in an ordinary
visit to the Cathedral. Visit the Canterbury Cathedral website also to
find details of the many services and events that will be held at the
Cathedral during Advent and Christmas.

The Friends of Canterbury Cathedral are looking for new members. If you
join, our £30 annual subscription enables you to take part in all sorts
of interesting events and also entitles you to a 10% discount (subject
to some exclusions) at the Cathedral Shop and the Cathedral Lodge.

**A prayer for peace amid unrest**

O God, who wouldst fold both heaven and earth in a single peace:

let the design of thy great love lighten upon the waste of our wraths
and sorrows:

and give peace to thy Church,

peace among nations,

peace in our dwellings,

and peace in our hearts:

through thy Son our Saviour Jesus Christ. Amen.

**Interview Day** for the priest(s) who wish to be considered for St
Michael\'s will be on December 6th. There will be a lunch in church
before the formal interview session in the afternoon. If you can offer
to help with this in any way, please speak to Sue, who will be delighted
to hear from you. And please, everyone, continue to pray for all
concerned in the appointment process.

**The Diocesan Synod** meets at the John Wallis Academy in Ashford on
Saturday, November 18th. Part of the Agenda will be concerned with
finance (and, yes, the Parish Share!), but there will also be a couple
of significant items relating to the environment. In the afternoon, from
1.15 to 3.30, there will be a session, open to others besides Synod
members, at which "Living in Love and Faith" will be discussed. Please
remember Synod members in your prayers. Remember also that there will be
a fresh round of Synod elections in 2024. **Maidstone Deanery can elect
4 lay members.** Could God be calling **you** to stand for election next
year? It is important that the different styles and traditions of our
complex church life should all have a voice at diocesan level.

**Christian Aid** has launched an emergency appeal to help people
affected by the escalation of violence across Israel and the occupied
Palestinian territory.  To make a donation, please visit the Middle East
Crisis Appeal page on the  Christian Aid website -- christianaid.org.uk.

**Chloe asks our prayers** for herself and her contemporaries as they
follow their present demanding course.

**For your prayers also:** Among the sick we pray for Margaret, Ellie,
Pauline, Rue, Fr Leon, Antony, Fran, Ellie, TomJoseph, Pamela, Valerie,
Peter, Joan, Margaret, Lindsay, Glynis, Ethan, Sarah, Yvonne and Paul.

Please pray for all who have died, and are dying, as a result of war,
and for members of he St Michael\'s family whose year\'s mind falls at
this time: John Richards, Richard Breed, Jean Riddoch.
