**TRINITY 1 - 10^th^ Sunday of the Year Hymns 381, 440, 298, 167**

**FIRST READING Hosea 5:15-6:6** I will return again to my place until
they acknowledge their guilt and seek my face. In their distress they
will beg my favour:

"Come, let us return to the Lord; for it is he who has torn, and he will
heal us; he has struck down, and he will bind us up. After two days he
will revive us; on the third day he will raise us up, that we may live
before him. Let us know, let us press on to know the Lord; his appearing
is as sure as the dawn; he will come to us like the showers, like the
spring rains that water the earth." What shall I do with you, O Ephraim?
What shall I do with you, O Judah? Your love is like a morning cloud,
like the dew that goes away early. Therefore I have hewn them by the
prophets, I have killed them by the words of my mouth, and my judgment
goes forth as the light. For I desire steadfast love and not sacrifice,
the knowledge of God rather than burnt offerings.

**Responsorial Psalm 50**

**R: I will show God's salvation to the upright.**

'Summon before me my people who made covenant with me by sacrifice.'  
The heavens proclaim his justice, for he, God, is the judge. **R**

'Listen, my people, I will speak; Israel, I will testify against you, for I am God, your God.  
I accuse you, lay the charge before you.  
I find no fault with your sacrifices, your offerings are always before me. **R**

Pay your sacrifice of thanksgiving to God and render him your votive offerings.  
A sacrifice of thanksgiving honours me and I will show God's salvation to the upright.' **R**

**SECOND READING Romans 4: 13-25** For the promise that he would inherit
the world did not come to Abraham or to his descendants through the law
but through the righteousness of faith. If it is the adherents of the
law who are to be the heirs, faith is null and the promise is void. For
the law brings wrath; but where there is no law, neither is there
violation.

For this reason it depends on faith, in order that the promise may rest
on grace and be guaranteed to all his descendants, not only to the
adherents of the law but also to those who share the faith of Abraham
(for he is the father of all of us, as it is written, 'I have made you
the father of many nations')---in the presence of the God in whom he
believed, who gives life to the dead and calls into existence the things
that do not exist. Hoping against hope, he believed that he would become
'the father of many nations', according to what was said, 'So numerous
shall your descendants be.' He did not weaken in faith when he
considered his own body, which was already as good as dead (for he was
about a hundred years old), or when he considered the barrenness of
Sarah's womb. No distrust made him waver concerning the promise of God,
but he grew strong in his faith as he gave glory to God, being fully
convinced that God was able to do what he had promised. Therefore his
faith 'was reckoned to him as righteousness.' Now the words, 'it was
reckoned to him', were written not for his sake alone, but for ours
also. It will be reckoned to us who believe in him who raised Jesus our
Lord from the dead, who was handed over to death for our trespasses and
was raised for our justification.

**GOSPEL Matthew 9: 9-13,18-26** As Jesus was walking along, he saw a
man called Matthew sitting at the tax booth; and he said to him, 'Follow
me.' And he got up and followed him.

And as he sat at dinner in the house, many tax-collectors and sinners
came and were sitting with him and his disciples. When the Pharisees saw
this, they said to his disciples, 'Why does your teacher eat with
tax-collectors and sinners?' But when he heard this, he said, 'Those who
are well have no need of a physician, but those who are sick. Go and
learn what this means, "I desire mercy, not sacrifice." For I have come
to call not the righteous but sinners.'

While he was saying these things to them, suddenly a leader of the
synagogue came in and knelt before him, saying, 'My daughter has just
died; but come and lay your hand on her, and she will live.' And Jesus
got up and followed him, with his disciples. Then suddenly a woman who
had been suffering from haemorrhages for twelve years came up behind him
and touched the fringe of his cloak, for she said to herself, 'If I only
touch his cloak, I will be made well.' Jesus turned, and seeing her he
said, 'Take heart, daughter; your faith has made you well.' And
instantly the woman was made well. When Jesus came to the leader's house
and saw the flute-players and the crowd making a commotion, he said, 'Go
away; for the girl is not dead but sleeping.' And they laughed at
him. But when the crowd had been put outside, he went in and took her by
the hand, and the girl got up. And the report of this spread throughout
that district.

***NEWS FROM ST MICHAEL\'S***

*A very warm welcome* to any new readers, and to visitors and newcomers
to St Michael\'s. A special welcome and thanks to Fr Paul, our celebrant
this morning, who will also kindly be saying Mass for us on Thursday at
10.30 am. If you are new to St Michael\'s, do join us in the Vestry Hall
after the service, so that we can welcome you properly.

The quire of Canterbury Cathedral was the majestic setting for **Bishop
Norman\'s Richborough Family Mass** on 10^th^ June. The Bishop\'s sermon
touched on how ordinary, yet how special, shared meals and the
accompanying shared stories are -- witness the fact that our Lord\'s
earthly ministry began with the wedding party at Cana and closed with
the Last Supper. Nor are we mortals the only ones who remember: "*You,"*
he said, *"each one of you, are indelibly etched upon the memory of
God."* After a sun-drenched picnic lunch in the cloister, we gathered in
the Chapter House to hear the Bishop "opening up" Philippians Chapter 2.
This was poignant - "because you and I will never be all together, in
this place, in this way, again" - but the overwhelming sensation was one
of shared joy, expressed in the appreciative applause and cheering with
which our shared Bible reflection concluded.

For people who had to miss that occasion: **Bishop Norman will be at
Folkestone** for the **Blessing of the Fisheries on June 25^th^**
(assemble at St Peter\'s Church at 2.45 for procession to The Stade) and
members of Resolution parishes, including our own, will be warmly
welcomed to take part in this inspiring and enjoyable ceremony.

**Thank you to Katja,** who courageously volunteered to deal with mould
on the walls of the lavatories in the church Halls and carried out the
work last Sunday before the Wendy House returned from half-term. Thanks
also to Paul for supplying a very effective product to do the job.

**From Our Tower: Kent County Association, Maidstone, Kent: St Michael and All Angels**

Sunday, 4 June 2023 in 41m (6--1--24 in C)

**1260 Stedman Triples**

1. Stephen Coaker
2. Philip Jarvis
3. Jacqueline Barlow
4. Emma Jarvis
5. Mike Birkbeck
6. Pam Thomas
7. Neil Jones (C)
8. Mark Elvers

Rung on the Saint\'s Day of Petroc, Abbot of Padstow, 6th century.

**Our Strawberry Fair is taking shape!** Sara has to be at work today,
but will be delighted to receive **offers of cake and scone making** for
the teas. Please telephone 07837 919761 or speak to Sara in person next
Sunday. **Tombola prizes** can be left in the box at the back of the
church -- what could you find (at home? in a charity shop? somewhere
else?) that would look good on a tombola -- For children? For adults? It
doesn\'t have to be strawberry-related, but if it is, all the better!

**A chance to be a pilgrim! This has crept up on us (apologies) and the
closing date is NOW!** The Resolution parishes in this diocese are
mounting a joint pilgrimage to Walsingham from 14^th^ August (pm) to
18^th^ August (am), to be led by Fr Peter Harnden of Harbledown. As you
can see, that week will include the Feast of the Assumption -- a
wonderful time to thank God for the part played by Blessed Mary in the
story of our salvation, to seek her intercession -- and to relax and
enjoy the lovely surroundings of the shrine, and the rural and coastal
scenery of that part of Norfolk. If you need a spiritual shot in the
arm, this could be for you. The cost (full board) should be about £250,
and a deposit of £30 is due immediately. Please speak to Eleanor after
Mass or phone her (01622 679551). She is going, and may be able to help
with a lift.

**We are all thinking of Ukraine at present:** The splendid people at 27
Maryland Drive, Barming, are unable to take further bulky items, but
there is a bin outside their house for medical and hygienic supplies
(even recently out-of-date), veterinary medicines and personal care
items for transport to Ukraine.

**Could you pass on this sheet to someone else who might like to see it?**
