
*A very warm welcome* to any new readers, and to visitors and newcomers
to St Michael\'s. A special welcome and thanks to Fr Paul, our celebrant
this morning, who will also kindly be saying Mass for us on **Thursday
at 10.30 am.** If you are new to St Michael\'s, do join us in the Vestry
Hall after the service, so that we can welcome you properly.

**On Saturday 29th July, from 11 am to 1pm,** we shall be welcoming
**Fr Michael and the Romanian Orthodox congregation to our church for a
Baptism.** After Mass, can we all please leave things clear for the
visitors by tidying books and kneelers away as far as possible?

**An opportunity for this autumn?** Canterbury Diocese is running an
eight-session **"Deepening Discipleship" course** which will take place
on **Wednesday evenings via Zoom,** beginning on 27th September --
thus participants will not be faced with cold and tiring journeys in the
evenings. This course encourages participants to reflect on, and
develop, their Christian life, and it also provides a starting-point for
anyone who is exploring the possibility of undertaking lay ministry.
Applications close on September 13th. Visit [Deepening Discipleship -
Diocese of Canterbury
(canterburydiocese.org)](https://www.canterburydiocese.org/our-life/spirituality-discipleship/explore-discipleship/deepening-discipleship/deepening-discipleship#_blank)
for further information and an application form. (Could God be calling
**you** to serve St Michael\'s as a lay minister?)

**Looking ahead: Saturday, September 9th, 10 am -- 4 pm, is a Heritage
Open Day.** As our church is a listed building and one of the few local
places of worship that take part, we want our community -- and visitors
from further afield -- to be able to enjoy our lovely Angel Windows,
and, God willing, to get a sense of the beauty of holiness as St
Michael\'s tries to show it. We shall need volunteers to bake
cakes/biscuits, make tea and coffee, welcome visitors and act as
stewards, answer questions, and sign in the Ride and Stride participants
-- including Catherine - who will be doing their sponsored walk or
cycle-ride on the same day in aid of the Friends of Kent Churches. This
is an important opportunity to build up our community links and to
encourage people to explore our building and what it stands for.
**Please put it in your diary and see how you could help.**

**The PCC is eager to improve the state of our Halls.** By way of a
first step, surfaces in the Vestry Hall will be washed down and made
good in preparation for re-painting, beginning at 9 am on **Friday
28th and Saturday 29th July.** If you could give some help on either
or both of those days (even just for an hour or two), please speak to
Martyn or Paul. The actual painting will begin in mid-August; for
details and to offer help, please also speak to Martyn or Paul.

**Richborough Festival at St Albans.** Join this annual day of
fellowship and celebration on **Saturday 5th August 2023,** with Mass in
the Cathedral at noon and then bring your own picnic for lunch in Bishop
Norman\'s garden. This is a lovely opportunity to get together with
people from other parishes in the Richborough family for inspiring
liturgy and a convivial picnic, and also to mark our appreciation of the
help and support of Bishop Norman over a number of years. If going to St
Albans by car, could you offer anyone a lift?

**We look forward to welcoming Archdeacon Andrew, who will be preaching
at Mass on Sunday, August 13th. It is good to be seeing him at St
Michael\'s again -- please try to be present to greet him.** Archdeacon
Andrew was recently the bearer of the good news that we now have
diocesan permission to re-advertise our vacancy.

**Have you missed out on the August pilgrimage to Walsingham?** There\'s
another opportunity in September, when Bishop Norman will be leading a
weekend pilgrimage for members of Richborough family parishes, from
**Friday 8th to Sunday 10th September.** To book, please contact the
Shrine accommodation office on 01328 820239, indicating when you book
that this is for the **Richborough Family Pilgrimage.** This may be
easier for many people to manage than a midweek pilgrimage, and will
also of course be less expensive. If you have never been to Walsingham
and are inclined to be hesitant, this might be for you. Bishop Norman\'s
connection with Walsingham goes back many years (he was once vicar of
that parish), and a Walsingham pilgrimage under his leadership should
prove to be a spiritual shot in the arm!

**And another pilgrimage! Bishop Norman, who will by then have retired,
is leading a pilgrimage to Ávila from 21st-28th May 2024 -** "a
journey to the heart of Carmelite spirituality". The cost will be £999
-- no single supplement and almost everything is included. A chance to
see many places associated with St Teresa and St John of the Cross --
not only Ávila but the Escorial,

Salamanca, Segovia.... Eleanor can print a brochure next month for
anyone interested.

***Could you pass on this sheet to someone else who might like to see
it?***
