**7th SUNDAY AFTER TRINITY Hymns 456, 457, 376, 368**

**FIRST READING Genesis 28, 10-19** Jacob left Beer-sheba and went
towards Haran. He came to a certain place and stayed there for the
night, because the sun had set. Taking one of the stones of the place,
he put it under his head and lay down in that place. And he dreamed that
there was a ladder set up on the earth, the top of it reaching to
heaven; and the angels of God were ascending and descending on it. And
the [Lord]{.smallcaps} stood beside him and said, 'I am
the [Lord]{.smallcaps}, the God of Abraham your father and the God of
Isaac; the land on which you lie I will give to you and to your
offspring; and your offspring shall be like the dust of the earth, and
you shall spread abroad to the west and to the east and to the north and
to the south; and all the families of the earth shall be blessed in you
and in your offspring. Know that I am with you and will keep you
wherever you go, and will bring you back to this land; for I will not
leave you until I have done what I have promised you.' Then Jacob woke
from his sleep and said, 'Surely the [Lord]{.smallcaps} is in this
place---and I did not know it!' And he was afraid, and said, 'How
awesome is this place! This is none other than the house of God, and
this is the gate of heaven.'

So Jacob rose early in the morning, and he took the stone that he had
put under his head and set it up for a pillar and poured oil on the top
of it. He called that place Bethel.

**RESPONSORIAL PSALM 139 Response: I thank you for the wonder of my
being.**

O Lord, you search me and you know me, you know my resting and my
rising,

you discern my purpose form afar. You mark when I walk or lie down, all
my ways lie open to you. **R.**

For it was you who created my being,knit me together in my mother's
womb.\
I thank you for the wonder of my being, for the wonders of all your
creation. **R.**

Already you knew my soul, my body held no secret from you\
when I was being fashioned in secret and moulded in the depths of the
earth. **R.**

**SECOND READING Romans 8.12-25** So then, brothers and sisters, we are
debtors, not to the flesh, to live according to the flesh--- for if you
live according to the flesh, you will die; but if by the Spirit you put
to death the deeds of the body, you will live. For all who are led by
the Spirit of God are children of God. For you did not receive a spirit
of slavery to fall back into fear, but you have received a spirit of
adoption. When we cry, 'Abba! Father!' it is that very Spirit bearing
witness with our spirit that we are children of God, and if children,
then heirs, heirs of God and joint heirs with Christ---if, in fact, we
suffer with him so that we may also be glorified with him. I consider
that the sufferings of this present time are not worth comparing with
the glory about to be revealed to us. For the creation waits with eager
longing for the revealing of the children of God; for the creation was
subjected to futility, not of its own will but by the will of the one
who subjected it, in hope that the creation itself will be set free from
its bondage to decay and will obtain the freedom of the glory of the
children of God. We know that the whole creation has been groaning in
labour pains until now; and not only the creation, but we ourselves, who
have the first fruits of the Spirit, groan inwardly while we wait for
adoption, the redemption of our bodies. For in hope we were saved. Now
hope that is seen is not hope. For who hopes for what is seen? But if we
hope for what we do not see, we wait for it with patience.

**GOSPEL Matthew 13.24-30,36-43** He put before them another parable:
'The kingdom of heaven may be compared to someone who sowed good seed in
his field; but while everybody was asleep, an enemy came and sowed weeds
among the wheat, and then went away. So when the plants came up and bore
grain, then the weeds appeared as well. And the slaves of the
householder came and said to him, "Master, did you not sow good seed in
your field? Where, then, did these weeds come from?" He answered, "An
enemy has done this." The slaves said to him, "Then do you want us to go
and gather them?" But he replied, "No; for in gathering the weeds you
would uproot the wheat along with them. Let both of them grow together
until the harvest; and at harvest time I will tell the reapers, Collect
the weeds first and bind them in bundles to be burned, but gather the
wheat into my barn."' Then he left the crowds and went into the house.
And his disciples approached him, saying, 'Explain to us the parable of
the weeds of the field.' He answered, 'The one who sows the good seed is
the Son of Man; the field is the world, and the good seed are the
children of the kingdom; the weeds are the children of the evil one, and
the enemy who sowed them is the devil; the harvest is the end of the
age, and the reapers are angels. Just as the weeds are collected and
burned up with fire, so will it be at the end of the age. The Son of Man
will send his angels, and they will collect out of his kingdom all
causes of sin and all evildoers, and they will throw them into the
furnace of fire, where there will be weeping and gnashing of teeth. Then
the righteous will shine like the sun in the kingdom of their Father.
Let anyone with ears listen!

*NEWS FROM ST MICHAEL\'S*

*A very warm welcome* to any new readers, and to visitors and newcomers
to St Michael\'s. A special welcome and thanks to Fr Paul, our celebrant
this morning, who will also kindly be saying Mass for us on **Thursday
at 10.30 am.** If you are new to St Michael\'s, do join us in the Vestry
Hall after the service, so that we can welcome you properly.

**On Saturday 29th July, from 11 am to 1pm,** we shall be welcoming
**Fr Michael and the Romanian Orthodox congregation to our church for a
Baptism.** After Mass, can we all please leave things clear for the
visitors by tidying books and kneelers away as far as possible?

**An opportunity for this autumn?** Canterbury Diocese is running an
eight-session **"Deepening Discipleship" course** which will take place
on **Wednesday evenings via Zoom,** beginning on 27th September --
thus participants will not be faced with cold and tiring journeys in the
evenings. This course encourages participants to reflect on, and
develop, their Christian life, and it also provides a starting-point for
anyone who is exploring the possibility of undertaking lay ministry.
Applications close on September 13th. Visit [Deepening Discipleship -
Diocese of Canterbury
(canterburydiocese.org)](https://www.canterburydiocese.org/our-life/spirituality-discipleship/explore-discipleship/deepening-discipleship/deepening-discipleship#_blank)
for further information and an application form. (Could God be calling
**you** to serve St Michael\'s as a lay minister?)

**Looking ahead: Saturday, September 9th, 10 am -- 4 pm, is a Heritage
Open Day.** As our church is a listed building and one of the few local
places of worship that take part, we want our community -- and visitors
from further afield -- to be able to enjoy our lovely Angel Windows,
and, God willing, to get a sense of the beauty of holiness as St
Michael\'s tries to show it. We shall need volunteers to bake
cakes/biscuits, make tea and coffee, welcome visitors and act as
stewards, answer questions, and sign in the Ride and Stride participants
-- including Catherine - who will be doing their sponsored walk or
cycle-ride on the same day in aid of the Friends of Kent Churches. This
is an important opportunity to build up our community links and to
encourage people to explore our building and what it stands for.
**Please put it in your diary and see how you could help.**

**The PCC is eager to improve the state of our Halls.** By way of a
first step, surfaces in the Vestry Hall will be washed down and made
good in preparation for re-painting, beginning at 9 am on **Friday
28th and Saturday 29th July.** If you could give some help on either
or both of those days (even just for an hour or two), please speak to
Martyn or Paul. The actual painting will begin in mid-August; for
details and to offer help, please also speak to Martyn or Paul.

**Richborough Festival at St Albans.** Join this annual day of
fellowship and celebration on **Saturday 5th August 2023,** with Mass in
the Cathedral at noon and then bring your own picnic for lunch in Bishop
Norman\'s garden. This is a lovely opportunity to get together with
people from other parishes in the Richborough family for inspiring
liturgy and a convivial picnic, and also to mark our appreciation of the
help and support of Bishop Norman over a number of years. If going to St
Albans by car, could you offer anyone a lift?

**We look forward to welcoming Archdeacon Andrew, who will be preaching
at Mass on Sunday, August 13th. It is good to be seeing him at St
Michael\'s again -- please try to be present to greet him.** Archdeacon
Andrew was recently the bearer of the good news that we now have
diocesan permission to re-advertise our vacancy.

**Have you missed out on the August pilgrimage to Walsingham?** There\'s
another opportunity in September, when Bishop Norman will be leading a
weekend pilgrimage for members of Richborough family parishes, from
**Friday 8th to Sunday 10th September.** To book, please contact the
Shrine accommodation office on 01328 820239, indicating when you book
that this is for the **Richborough Family Pilgrimage.** This may be
easier for many people to manage than a midweek pilgrimage, and will
also of course be less expensive. If you have never been to Walsingham
and are inclined to be hesitant, this might be for you. Bishop Norman\'s
connection with Walsingham goes back many years (he was once vicar of
that parish), and a Walsingham pilgrimage under his leadership should
prove to be a spiritual shot in the arm!

**And another pilgrimage! Bishop Norman, who will by then have retired,
is leading a pilgrimage to Ávila from 21st-28th May 2024 -** "a
journey to the heart of Carmelite spirituality". The cost will be £999
-- no single supplement and almost everything is included. A chance to
see many places associated with St Teresa and St John of the Cross --
not only Ávila but the Escorial,

Salamanca, Segovia.... Eleanor can print a brochure next month for
anyone interested.

***Could you pass on this sheet to someone else who might like to see
it?***
