
**A very warm welcome** to any new readers, and to visitors and
newcomers to St Michael\'s. A special welcome to Fr Paul, our celebrant
this morning, who will also kindly be celebrating Mass for us on
Thursday at 10.30 am. If you are new to St Michael\'s, do join us for
tea or coffee in the Vestry Hall after the service, so that we can
welcome you properly.

**Going to church with Mum on Mothering Sunday** is a fine old English
tradition. Granny might like to come too! Mothering Sunday this year is
next Sunday, 19th March, and at Mass we can give thanks for motherhood
in its many aspects -- the motherhood of our blessed Lady, the
motherhood of the Church, the work of the Mothers\' Union and similar
organisations, and the people and professions that nurture and teach
others, whether children or not. At the end of Mass there will be posies
for those present to give to their mums. Why not invite family members,
a family known to you, or a kindly neighbour?

**The PCC Agenda** is on display in the Narthex.

**The Chrism Mass** at which Bishop Norman will be presiding takes place
on Tuesday, 4th April at Canterbury Cathedral, followed by a (free)
sandwich lunch. The latter is available only for those who book! -
please let Eleanor know **today** if you intend to come to the lunch.
But whether or not you can stay for the lunch, the Mass is always an
inspiring occasion and St Michael\'s should be well represented. Do come
if you can! Can anyone offer a lift to others?

**A Piano** (belonging to a neighbour of Paul\'s) seeks a new home. If
you would like it -- or have a friend or relation who might -- please
speak to Paul.

**Lay Ministry** is something our diocese rightly wants to celebrate and
encourage. All sorts of information and helpful links can be found in
the latest newsletter "Equipping for ministry" -
<https://mailchi.mp/diocant/equipping-for-ministry-february-1451434?e=79df12de23>.
Lay people can lead worship, become Anna Chaplains, train as Readers,
and exercise the kind of valued parish ministry familiar to us all at St
Michael\'s, as servers, chalice-bearers, leaders of intercessions.....
Could God be calling you to one of these roles, or to some other? A Lay
Ministry Celebration Day is being held at St Benedict\'s Centre, Swan
Street, West Malling, on May 13th, 10.30 am - 4.30 pm, which (as well
as being a forum for lay ministers and those who train them) should
provide some ideas for anyone interested in further exploration.

**Ukraine,** sadly, remains in the news, and its needs remain desperate.
For space reasons the nearest local collecting-point has lately stopped
accepting clothing and other bulky items -- but it continues to appeal
for medicines for animals and people (even if partly used, even if -
recently - out of date), for toiletries and sanitary supplies, and for
such things as walking aids. Please speak to Eleanor, who can give you
the address or will deliver for you if you prefer.

**Reminder: the parish Quiet Day,** led by Fr Derek, is on March 25th.
If you are coming, please touch base with Eleanor after Mass.

***Could you pass this sheet on to someone else who might like to see
it?***
