**TRINITY 10 Hymns: NEH 184, 188, 297, 494**

**FIRST READING 1 Kings 19.9-18** At that place he came to a cave, and
spent the night there. Then the word of the Lord came to him, saying,
'What are you doing here, Elijah?' He answered, 'I have been very
zealous for the Lord, the God of hosts; for the Israelites have forsaken
your covenant, thrown down your altars, and killed your prophets with
the sword. I alone am left, and they are seeking my life, to take it
away.' He said, 'Go out and stand on the mountain before the Lord, for
the Lord is about to pass by.' Now there was a great wind, so strong
that it was splitting mountains and breaking rocks in pieces before the
Lord, but the Lord was not in the wind; and after the wind an
earthquake, but the Lord was not in the earthquake; and after the
earthquake a fire, but the Lord was not in the fire; and after the fire
a sound of sheer silence. When Elijah heard it, he wrapped his face in
his mantle and went out and stood at the entrance of the cave. Then
there came a voice to him that said, 'What are you doing here, Elijah?'
He answered, 'I have been very zealous for the Lord, the God of hosts;
for the Israelites have forsaken your covenant, thrown down your altars,
and killed your prophets with the sword. I alone am left, and they are
seeking my life, to take it away.' Then the Lord said to him, 'Go,
return on your way to the wilderness of Damascus; when you arrive, you
shall anoint Hazael as king over Aram. Also you shall anoint Jehu son of
Nimshi as king over Israel; and you shall anoint Elisha son of Shaphat
of Abelmeholah as prophet in your place. Whoever escapes from the sword
of Hazael, Jehu shall kill; and whoever escapes from the sword of Jehu,
Elisha shall kill. Yet I will leave seven thousand in Israel, all the
knees that have not bowed to Baal, and every mouth that has not kissed
him.'

**RESPONSORIAL PSALM 85** ***Response: Let us see, O Lord, your mercy;
and give us your saving help.*** 1. I will hear what the Lord God has to
say: a voice that speaks of peace.

His help is near for those who fear him: and his glory will dwell in our
land. ***R.***

2\. Mercy and faithfulness have met: justice and peace have embraced.

Faithfulness shall spring from the earth: and justice look down from
heaven. ***R.***

3\. The Lord will make us prosper: and our earth shall yield its fruit.

Justice shall march before him: and peace shall follow his steps.
***R.***

**SECOND READING Romans 10.5-15** Moses writes concerning the
righteousness that comes from the law, that 'the person who does these
things will live by them.' But the righteousness that comes from faith
says, 'Do not say in your heart, "Who will ascend into heaven?"' (that
is, to bring Christ down) 'or "Who will descend into the abyss?"' (that
is, to bring Christ up from the dead). But what does it say? 'The word
is near you, on your lips and in your heart' (that is, the word of faith
that we proclaim); because if you confess with your lips that Jesus is
Lord and believe in your heart that God raised him from the dead, you
will be saved. For one believes with the heart and so is justified, and
one confesses with the mouth and so is saved. The scripture says, 'No
one who believes in him will be put to shame.' For there is no
distinction between Jew and Greek; the same Lord is Lord of all and is
generous to all who call on him. For, 'Everyone who calls on the name of
the Lord shall be saved.' But how are they to call on one in whom they
have not believed? And how are they to believe in one of whom they have
never heard? And how are they to hear without someone to proclaim him?
And how are they to proclaim him unless they are sent? As it is written,
'How beautiful are the feet of those who bring good news!'

**GOSPEL Matthew 14.22-33** Immediately he made the disciples get into
the boat and go on ahead to the other side, while he dismissed the
crowds. And after he had dismissed the crowds, he went up the mountain
by himself to pray. When evening came, he was there alone, but by this
time the boat, battered by the waves, was far from the land, for the
wind was against them. And early in the morning he came walking towards
them on the lake. But when the disciples saw him walking on the lake,
they were terrified, saying, 'It is a ghost!' And they cried out in
fear. But immediately Jesus spoke to them and said, 'Take heart, it is
I; do not be afraid.' Peter answered him, 'Lord, if it is you, command
me to come to you on the water.' He said, 'Come.' So Peter got out of
the boat, started walking on the water, and came towards Jesus. But when
he noticed the strong wind, he became frightened, and beginning to sink,
he cried out, 'Lord, save me!' Jesus immediately reached out his hand
and caught him, saying to him, 'You of little faith, why did you doubt?'
When they got into the boat, the wind ceased. And those in the boat
worshipped him, saying, 'Truly you are the Son of God.'

***Could you pass this sheet on to someone else who might like to see
it?***

***NEWS FROM ST MICHAEL\'S***

***A very warm welcome*** to any new readers, and to visitors and
newcomers to St Michael\'s. A special welcome and thanks to Fr Paul, our
celebrant this morning, and to our preacher, Archdeacon Andrew Sewell,
who will also be formally inducting Jonathan as our Churchwarden today.
If you are new to St Michael\'s, do join us in the Vestry Hall after the
service, so that we can welcome you properly.

***Please note: no Mass on Thursday, 17th August, as Fr Paul will be
at Walsingham on pilgrimage.***

**Looking ahead: Saturday, September 9th, 10 am -- 4 pm, is a Heritage
Open Day.** We want our local community -- and visitors from further
afield -- to enjoy the lovely Angel Windows in this listed building,
and, God willing, to get a sense of the beauty of holiness as St
Michael\'s tries to show it. We need volunteers to bake cakes/biscuits,
make tea and coffee, welcome visitors and act as stewards, answer
questions, and sign-in the Ride and Stride participants -- including
Catherine - who will be doing their sponsored walk or cycle-ride on the
same day in aid of the Friends of Kent Churches. This is a precious
opportunity to develop our community links and to encourage more people
to get to know St Michael\'s - and what it stands for. **Please sign the
list of helpers at the back of church!**

**Ride & Stride on 9th September** will number Catherine among its
Riders. Please **look for the yellow form** at the back of church if you
would like to sponsor her. Her Riding (around as many participating
churches as she can on the day) will benefit the Friends of Kent
Churches, but there is a welcome rake-off for her parish church as well.
**Do give Catherine your support.**

**Warmest thanks** to all involved in redecorating the Vestry Hall,
whose combined efforts are producing most encouraging results. It isn\'t
too late to offer further help -- please speak to Paul or Martyn.

**Maidstone\'s Eco Hub** at The Mall is open until 8th September --
Thursday, Friday and alternate Wednesdays and Saturdays -- with advice
on sustainable living, wildlife-friendly gardening, money-saving grants
and more, as well as holiday activities for children. Why not drop in?

**The Princess Project** began in Maidstone and is now helping
disadvantaged mums all over Kent. It\'s holding an Open Day at the URC
Church Hall on Friday, 8th September, 10am-2pm. The Project is opening
2 new hubs and is seeking more helpers who can advise and support mums
in difficulties; it\'s always keen, too, to hear from mums who need
help. Find out more at <hello@princessproject.co.uk>.

**Why do we....?** Fr Paul will soon be providing a chance to discover
more, or refresh our memories, about what we believe and how it is
expressed and embodied in what we do in church. If you might like to be
part of a group exploring this aspect of our faith, please speak to Fr
Paul about it. **If you are thinking of becoming a server, please speak
to him about that, too -- we need more servers!**

**Please pray for pilgrims --** particularly for the little party from
St Michael\'s heading for Walsingham this week. If you\'ve never been to
Walsingham and are perhaps hesitant, an upcoming opportunity to "test
the water" is the weekend **Richborough Family Pilgrimage -- Friday
8th to Sunday 10th September,** led by Bishop Norman. Book direct
with the Accommodation Office (01328 820239), mentioning "Richborough
Family Pilgrimage". Bishop Norman, former vicar of that very parish, is
an inspiring pilgrimage leader. If you wonder why people go to
Walsingham -- ask anyone who has been! A teenager on a recent youth
pilgrimage said, she could "feel God right next to me."

***From Our Tower: Kent County Association -*** [**Maidstone**,
**Kent**](https://dove.cccbr.org.uk/tower/12644#_blank)**, St Michael
and All Angels**

**Friday, 11 August 2023 in 41m (6--1--24 in C):** **1260** **Plain Bob
Minor**

1. Jacqueline Barlow
2. Charlotte Elvers
3. Steve Newlands
4. Mark Elvers
5. Janice Byrne
6. Neil Jones (C)

Remembering Jason Orwin (1/8/2020), R.I.P..

**An opportunity for this autumn?** Canterbury Diocese is running an
eight-session **"Deepening Discipleship"** course which will take place
on Wednesday evenings via Zoom, beginning on 27th September -- thus
participants will not be faced with cold and tiring journeys in the
evenings. This course encourages participants to reflect on, and
develop, their Christian life, and it also provides a starting-point for
anyone who is exploring the possibility of undertaking lay ministry.
Applications close on September 13th. Visit
[***Deepening Discipleship - Diocese of Canterbury
(canterburydiocese.org)***](https://www.canterburydiocese.org/our-life/spirituality-discipleship/explore-discipleship/deepening-discipleship/deepening-discipleship#_blank)
for further information and an application form. (A chance for personal
growth -- or, indeed, might God be calling **you** to serve St
Michael\'s as a lay minister?)

**Vacancy news:** Our advertisement will appear again in September.
**Please pray that God will send us a faithful priest.**
