
***A very warm welcome*** to any new readers, and to visitors and
newcomers to St Michael\'s. A special welcome and thanks to Fr Paul
Matthias, our celebrant this morning, who will also kindly be saying
Mass for us on **Thursday at 10.30 am as well as Wednesday (see
below).** Everyone is warmly invited to coffee in the Vestry Hall after
Mass. If new to St Michael\'s, do join us so that we can welcome you
properly!

**Thank you to Sara and to all the energetic helpers** who united to
achieve a successful Fair on Saturday. The wintry weather was not on our
side, and neither was the number of other local fairs -- but those who
attended spent generously and thoroughly enjoyed the friendly atmosphere
and the delicious refreshments organised by Sue. Catherine\'s
craft-and-gift stall looked particularly beautiful this time, and there
will be an opportunity to make some late purchases from it after Mass.
Fishing for Christmas baubles was a new attraction this year, joining
sweets-in-a jar, guessing the weight of the Christmas cake, and guessing
the name of the dog (this last a venture by Norman and Jackie).The
tombolas appeared alarmingly well-stocked beforehand, and Mike, Mary,
Alison and her husband Paul were delighted to see them diminishing
steadily as the afternoon went on. The two Margarets -- one selling
bric-a brac and the other cakes and bread -- were welcoming and
effective saleswomen. The hard work of Sara and everyone else --
including those who turned out beforehand to set up) is warmly
appreciated by all who were there.

**We are delighted and thankful to see Fr Paul back with us** after his
surgery and assure him of our continued prayers as he convalesces.

**News of Paul:** It is hoped that Paul will be able to leave King\'s
College Hospital next week and will be placed under the care of the
Royal Marsden. Please continue to pray for him.

**Margaret Broadbent\'s funeral** takes place at Vinters Park
Crematorium on Wednesday, December 20th, at 10.15 am. Members of St
Michael\'s are particularly welcome, even if they did not know her very
well. Her dedicated work for our church in past years deserves
recognition.

**Interview Day** is this Wednesday, 6th December. Thank you to
members of our team who are rallying round to ensure that everything
goes as smoothly as possible. Please, everyone, do all you can to
welcome visitors to St Michael\'s that day, and continue to pray for the
guidance of the Holy Spirit, for the candidate and for all concerned in
the appointment process. The day will begin with Mass in the Ascension
Chapel at 10.40, and anyone who is available is most welcome to join the
candidate and the panel in worship.

**Congratulations to Zangi,** who attended a trial recently and will now
be playing rugby for the county. Wonderful news, Zangi!

**Are you a PT van driver, or do you know one?** Make a Difference
Maidstone are looking for a driver, 2 or 3 days a week, remuneration to
be discussed. This could be a rewarding opportunity to work for a very
worthwhile local Christian charity. If interested, please telephone
**Rob Foley on 01622 687414.**

**From Our Tower:** Kent County Association [**Maidstone**,
Kent](https://dove.cccbr.org.uk/tower/12644#_blank) : St Michael and All
Angels

Monday, 20 November 2023 in 42m (6--1--24 in C)

**1280** **Yorkshire Surprise Major**

1. Isabel Hitchings
2. Kath White
3. Jacqueline Barlow
4. Janice Byrne
5. Richard Young
6. Mark Elvers
7. Mike Birkbeck
8. Reg Hitchings (C) 

Remembering David O'Sullivan 22/11/19 R.I.P.

Rung on the Saint\'s Day of Saint Edmund, King and Martyr (d. 869)

**We need more Catholic voices on our Deanery and Diocesan Synods.**
There will be elections before very long. Could God be calling **you**
to stand for election? At last week\'s Deanery Synod we were reminded of
the significance of COP 28 and were urgently invited to adopt
environmentally friendly changes that could make a difference in our
individual lives and the life of our church. Please think and pray about
this.

***Could you pass this sheet on to someone else who might like to see
it**?*
