**PENTECOST (Whitsunday)**

**FIRST READING Acts 2.1-21**

When the day of Pentecost had come, they were all together in one place.
And suddenly from heaven there came a sound like the rush of a violent
wind, and it filled the entire house where they were sitting. Divided
tongues, as of fire, appeared among them, and a tongue rested on each of
them. All of them were filled with the Holy Spirit and began to speak in
other languages, as the Spirit gave them ability.

Now there were devout Jews from every nation under heaven living in
Jerusalem. And at this sound the crowd gathered and was bewildered,
because each one heard them speaking in the native language of each.
Amazed and astonished, they asked, 'Are not all these who are speaking
Galileans? And how is it that we hear, each of us, in our own native
language? Parthians, Medes, Elamites, and residents of Mesopotamia,
Judea and Cappadocia, Pontus and Asia, Phrygia and Pamphylia, Egypt and
the parts of Libya belonging to Cyrene, and visitors from Rome, both
Jews and proselytes, Cretans and Arabs---in our own languages we hear
them speaking about God's deeds of power.'

All were amazed and perplexed, saying to one another, 'What does this
mean?' But others sneered and said, 'They are filled with new wine.'

But Peter, standing with the eleven, raised his voice and addressed
them: 'Men of Judea and all who live in Jerusalem, let this be known to
you, and listen to what I say. Indeed, these are not drunk, as you
suppose, for it is only nine o'clock in the morning. No, this is what
was spoken through the prophet Joel: *"In the last days it will be, God
declares, that I will pour out my Spirit upon all flesh, and your sons
and your daughters shall prophesy, and your young men shall see visions,
and your old men shall dream dreams. Even upon my slaves, both men and
women, in those days I will pour out my Spirit; and they shall prophesy.
And I will show portents in the heaven above and signs on the earth
below, blood, and fire, and smoky mist. The sun shall be turned to
darkness and the moon to blood, before the coming of the Lord's great
and glorious day. Then everyone who calls on the name of the Lord shall
be saved."*

**RESPONSORIAL PSALM 104**

**Response: Send forth your Spirit, O Lord, and renew the face of the
earth.**

Bless the Lord, my soul: Lord God, how great you are.  
How many are your works, O Lord! The earth is full of your riches.  **R.**

You take back your spirit, they die: returning to the dust from which they came.  
You send forth your spirit, they are created: and you renew the face of the earth. **R.**

May the glory of the Lord last for ever! May the Lord rejoice in his works!  
May my thoughts be pleasing to him: I find my joy in the Lord. **R.**

**SECOND READING 1 Corinthians 12.3b-13**

No one can say 'Jesus is Lord' except by the Holy Spirit. Now there are
varieties of gifts, but the same Spirit; and there are varieties of
services, but the same Lord; and there are varieties of activities, but
it is the same God who activates all of them in everyone. To each is
given the manifestation of the Spirit for the common good. To one is
given through the Spirit the utterance of wisdom, and to another the
utterance of knowledge according to the same Spirit, to another faith by
the same Spirit, to another gifts of healing by the one Spirit, to
another the working of miracles, to another prophecy, to another the
discernment of spirits, to another various kinds of tongues, to another
the interpretation of tongues. All these are activated by one and the
same Spirit, who allots to each one individually just as the Spirit
chooses. For just as the body is one and has many members, and all the
members of the body, though many, are one body, so it is with Christ.
For in the one Spirit we were all baptized into one body---Jews or
Greeks, slaves or free---and we were all made to drink of one Spirit.

**GOSPEL John 20.19-23**

When it was evening on that day, the first day of the week, and the
doors of the house where the disciples had met were locked for fear of
the Jews, Jesus came and stood among them and said, 'Peace be with you.'
After he said this, he showed them his hands and his side. Then the
disciples rejoiced when they saw the Lord. Jesus said to them again,
'Peace be with you. As the Father has sent me, so I send you.' When he
had said this, he breathed on them and said to them, 'Receive the Holy
Spirit. If you forgive the sins of any, they are forgiven them; if you
retain the sins of any, they are retained.'

***NEWS FROM ST MICHAEL\'S***

*A very warm welcome* to any new readers, and to visitors and newcomers
to St Michael\'s. A special welcome and thanks to Fr Paul, our celebrant
this morning, who will also kindly be saying Mass for us on Thursday at
10.30 am. If you are new to St Michael\'s, do join us in the Vestry Hall
after the service, so that we can welcome you properly. It\'s a
particular joy to be celebrating a double Baptism on this feast of
Pentecost -- a particularly warm welcome to Britney and Billy! Pentecost
is a time when we especially celebrate, and pray for, the activity of
the Holy Spirit in the Church and in our lives. Let\'s remember the
newly baptised, those preparing for Confirmation and Ordination, and all
who are facing decisions or seeking guidance at this time.

**Volunteers, O Volunteers!** Last week we had a welcome visit from a
group of Oakwood Park Grammar School students on their Volunteering Day.
Under the direction of Martyn, they did a number of jobs around the site
-- the kind of jobs that are so often not obvious unless they remain
undone. We have sent them a thank-you card, and also thank Martyn,
Ralph, Paul, Mike and Mary, who provided guidance, encouragement and
refreshments. Their tutor, Miss Ryan, reports that they enjoyed their
day, and we hope something similar can be arranged next year.

**Vacancy News:** Unfortunately our advertisement has not achieved the
result we hoped for. Discussion is taking place about what the next step
should be. Please keep praying!

**The Richborough Family Day on June 10th** will be one of the last
opportunities for Resolution parishes in this diocese to mark their
appreciation of Bishop Norman, who retires next Easter. In case you
missed the poster in the porch: a 12 noon sung Mass at Canterbury
Cathedral will be followed by a picnic lunch (bring your own!) in the
cloisters and a few minutes\' reflection led by the Bishop. Likely
finishing time 3.15 pm. Please let\'s make sure that St Michael\'s is
well represented. If you are going by car, could you offer someone a
lift? Would you be willing to offer help with clearing up?

**From Our Tower:**

**Kent County Association: [Maidstone,
Kent - St Michael and All
Angels](https://dove.cccbr.org.uk/tower/12644)**

**Sunday, 14 May 2023 in 41m (6--1--24 in C)**

**1296 Cambridge Surprise Minor**

1. Janice Byrne
2. Jacqueline Barlow
3. Philip Jarvis
4. Mark Elvers
5. Rupert Cheeseman
6. Neil Jones (C)

Rung on Bell Sunday and on the Feast of Matthias the Apostle.

**Sunday, 21 May 2023 in 42m (6--1--24 in C)**

**1280 Lessness Surprise Major**

1. Rona Joiner
2. Rupert Cheeseman
3. Jacqueline Barlow
4. Mark Elvers
5. Karen Lebon
6. Rod Lebon
7. Philip Jarvis
8. Neil Jones (C)

Rung on the Feast of Helena, Protector of the Holy Places, 330.

**Plans are coming together for our Strawberry Fair on July 1^st^, 2 pm
-- 4.30 pm!** Offers of help with serving and washing-up the teas will
be welcomed by Sara, also help with setting-up in the morning. Are you a
home baker? Can you find any tombola items, or create items for the
craft stall (particularly if they reflect the strawberry theme, but that
isn\'t essential)? Please also spread the word among your friends and
neighbours!

**Two Ukrainian ladies, a mother and her 19-year-old daughter**, are
seeking accommodation (a room or rooms) in Maidstone, and Maidstone
churches have been asked to make this known. If you think you could help
or have a suggestion, please contact Leon Mileham --
<leon@connectchurchmaidstone.org.uk>.

***Could you pass this sheet on to someone else who might like to see
it?***
