**EPIPHANY 2023 Hymns 49, 36, 48, 52**

**FIRST READING Isaiah 60.1--6** Arise, shine; for your light has come,
and the glory of the LORD has risen upon you. For darkness shall cover
the earth, and thick darkness the peoples; but the LORD will arise upon
you, and his glory will appear over you. Nations shall come to your
light, and kings to the brightness of your dawn. Lift up your eyes and
look around; they all gather together, they come to you; your sons shall
come from far away, and your daughters shall be carried on their nurses'
arms. Then you shall see and be radiant; your heart shall thrill and
rejoice, because the abundance of the sea shall be brought to you, the
wealth of the nations shall come to you. A multitude of camels shall
cover you, the young camels of Midian and Ephah; all those from Sheba
shall come. They shall bring gold and frankincense, and shall proclaim
the praise of the LORD.

**PSALM Psalm 72.1--7, 10--14**

**R Kings bow down before him; all the nations do him service.**

Give the king your justice, O God, and your righteousness to the king's
son;

That he may rule your people righteously and the poor with justice;

That the mountains may bring prosperity to the people, and the little
hills bring righteousness. **R**

He shall defend the needy among the people; he shall rescue the poor and
crush the oppressor.

He shall live as long as the sun and moon endure, from one generation to
another. **R**

He shall come down like rain upon the mown field, like showers that
water the earth.

In his time shall the righteous flourish; there shall be abundance of
peace till the moon shall be no more. **R**

The kings of Tarshish and of the isles shall pay tribute, and the kings
of Arabia and Saba offer gifts.

All kings shall bow down before him, and all the nations do him
service. **R**

For he shall deliver the poor who cries out in distress, and the
oppressed who has no helper.

He shall have pity on the lowly and poor; he shall preserve the lives of
the needy.

He shall redeem their lives from oppression and violence, and dear shall
their blood be in his sight. **R**

**SECOND READING Ephesians 3.1--12** I, Paul, am a prisoner for Christ
Jesus for the sake of you Gentiles --for surely you have already heard
of the commission of God's grace that was given me for you, and how the
mystery was made known to me by revelation, as I wrote above in a few
words, a reading of which will enable you to perceive my understanding
of the mystery of Christ. In former generations, this mystery was not
made known to humankind, as it has now been revealed to his holy
apostles and prophets by the Spirit: that is, the Gentiles have become
fellow-heirs, members of the same body, and sharers in the promise in
Christ Jesus through the gospel. Of this gospel I have become a servant
according to the gift of God's grace that was given me by the working of
his power. Although I am the very least of all the saints, this grace
was given to me to bring to the Gentiles the news of the boundless
riches of Christ, and to make everyone see what is the plan of the
mystery hidden for ages in God who created all things; so that through
the church the wisdom of God in its rich variety might now be made known
to the rulers and authorities in the heavenly places. This was in
accordance with the eternal purpose that he has carried out in Christ
Jesus our Lord, in whom we have access to God in boldness and confidence
through faith in him.

**GOSPEL Matthew 2.1--12** In the time of King Herod, after Jesus was
born in Bethlehem of Judea, wise men from the East came to Jerusalem,
asking, 'Where is the child who has been born king of the Jews? For we
observed his star at its rising, and have come to pay him homage.' When
King Herod heard this, he was frightened, and all Jerusalem with him;
and calling together all the chief priests and scribes of the people, he
inquired of them where the Messiah was to be born. They told him, 'In
Bethlehem of Judea; for so it has been written by the prophet: "And you,
Bethlehem, in the land of Judah, are by no means least among the rulers
of Judah; for from you shall come a ruler who is to shepherd my people
Israel."' Then Herod secretly called for the wise men and learned from
them the exact time when the star had appeared. Then he sent them to
Bethlehem, saying, 'Go and search diligently for the child; and when you
have found him, bring me word so that I may also go and pay him
homage.'When they had heard the king, they set out; and there, ahead of
them, went the star that they had seen at its rising, until it stopped
over the place where the child was. When they saw that the star had
stopped, they were overwhelmed with joy. On entering the house, they saw
the child with Mary his mother; and they knelt down and paid him homage.
Then, opening their treasure chests, they offered him gifts of gold,
frankincense, and myrrh. And having been warned in a dream not to return
to Herod, they left for their own country by another road.

***NEWS FROM ST MICHAEL\'S***

***A warm welcome*** to any new readers, and to visitors and newcomers
to St Michael\'s, as we keep this Feast of the Epiphany, when we
remember the visit of the wise men to the Holy Child, and thank God for
revealing His glory not only to the Jewish people but to all nations. A
special welcome to our celebrant Fr Paul, who will also kindly celebrate
Mass for us on Thursday at 10.30 am. If you are new to St Michael\'s,
please join us for tea or coffee in the Vestry Hall after Mass, so that
we can welcome you properly.

**The Parochial Church Council** meets on Thursday, January 12^th^, at
7.30 pm in the Vestry Hall.

**The Garden Working Party** meets -- weather permitting -- on Saturday,
14^th^ January, 9.30 am to 12 noon. All helpers welcome; further
information from Martyn.

**Many thanks** to those who have so kindly given their time to
dismantle the church Christmas decorations!

**The new Bishop of Oswestry (Fr Paul Thomas SSC)** will be consecrated
in Canterbury Cathedral at Candlemas -- Thursday, February 2^nd^. Time
still to be confirmed, but Bishop Norman particularly asks the
Resolution parishes in our diocese to support this occasion.
Bishop-elect Paul (who will be ministering to parishes like our own in
the south-west of England, in the same way that Bishop Norman ministers
to us) asks for our prayers. If you would like to be part of this very
special service, Eleanor will have space in her car, or perhaps you
could offer a lift? -- but please note that, unfortunately, no parking
will be available at the Cathedral except for blue badge holders.

**We look forward to welcoming pupils, staff and parents of West Borough
Primary School** on the afternoon of 12^th^ January, when they will be
holding their Christmas Concert. This had to be postponed at the end of
term because of the snowy conditions, and we are so glad that those
involved will, after all, be able to have their hard work enjoyed and
appreciated.

**Readers\' List for January:** (A Happy new year, readers! Please, if
unable to read on the day listed, try to make an arrangement with
another reader).

8 January OT Paul Jones, NT Alison Heywood

15 January OT Eta/Zangi, NT Ralph Baldock

22 January OT Catherine Garland, NT Margaret Gatehouse

29 January OT Eleanor Relle, NT Katja Svarts

**From Our Tower:**

**Kent County Association**

[**Maidstone,
Kent**](https://dove.cccbr.org.uk/detail.php?tower=12644#_blank)

**St Michael and All Angels**

Saturday, 31 December 2022 in 2h 50 (6--1--24 in C)

**5152** **Lincolnshire Surprise Major**

Simon Humphrey

1 Josephine D Horton

2 Paul A Cammiade

3 Fiona M Wheeler

4 Mark T Elvers

5 Mark Chittenden-Pile

6 Richard A Pearce

7 Stephen A Wheeler (C)

8 Neil W Jones

Rung half-muffled for the repose of the souls of The Faithful Departed
over the past 3 years.

500th together: 2 & 7

***Could you pass this sheet on to someone else who might like to see
it?***
