
***A very warm welcome*** to any new readers, and to visitors and
newcomers to St Michael\'s. A special welcome and thanks to Fr Paul
Matthias, our celebrant this morning, who will also kindly be saying
Mass for us on **Thursday (St Andrew\'s Day) at 10.30 am.** If you are
new to St Michael\'s, do join us in the Vestry Hall after the service,
so that we can welcome you properly.

Next Sunday we move into the season of Advent -- a time to reflect on
the first coming of Christ and to prepare for His second coming.

**Our pre-Christmas Fair is on this coming Saturday, 2nd December, 12
noon to 4 pm!** It isn\'t too late to look out for things that would
make good Tombola prizes, to think about home-made items such as cakes
and jams (please attach a list of ingredients), or to provide something
crafty, or Christmassy, or nice for the garden! There are boxes at the
back of church, and offerings will still be welcome if you bring them
along from **9.30 am on Saturday, in time for setting-up**.

There are **printed posters** and flyers at the back of church. Please
take some to distribute and display.

If you are willing to come and help on the day, in whatever way, don\'t
leave Sara to wonder -- please let her know! Sara can be reached, with
any offers or questions, on 07837 919761. If you have joined us
recently, please don\'t be shy -- everyone\'s contributions are welcome
at St Michael\'s. Let\'s make this Fair a very special example of St
Michael\'s teamwork.

**Interview Day** for the priest(s) who wish to be considered for St
Michael\'s will be on December 6th. There will be a lunch in church
(arrive between 12 and 12.30) before the formal interview session in the
afternoon. If you can offer to help with this in any way, please speak
to Sue, who will be delighted to hear from you. As it is a working day,
many members of the PCC and congregation will of course not be able to
come -- but please indicate on the list if you hope to be present. And
please, everyone, continue to pray for all concerned in the appointment
process.

Everyone is welcome to join in the **patronal festival celebrations of
St Andrew\'s, Deal,** on Thursday, November 30th. Mass at 7 pm will be
followed by a fish-and-chip supper.

Long-standing friends of St Michael\'s will be sorry to learn of the
recent death of **Margaret Broadbent,** who was our PCC Secretary for
many years and was latterly a resident of The Grove. Details of her
funeral arrangements are still to be announced. May she rest in peace
and rise in glory.

**The Parochial Church Council** meets in the Vestry Hall on Wednesday,
29th November, at 7.30 pm. A copy of the Agenda is displayed in the
narthex. If there is any item of Other Business you would like raised,
please speak to Jonathan or Eleanor.

**From Our Tower: Kent County Association** - **[Maidstone,
Kent](https://dove.cccbr.org.uk/tower/12644#_blank), St Michael and All
Angels**

Sunday, 12 November 2023 in 41m (6--1--24 in C)

**1272** **Norwich Surprise Minor**

1. Emma Jarvis
2. Jacqueline Barlow
3. Janice Byrne
4. Mark Elvers
5. Philip Jarvis
6. Neil Jones (C)

Rung half-muffled on Remembrance Sunday. ***\'We will remember them.\'***

100th together: 3 & 6.

Friday, 17 November 2023 in 37m (6--1--24 in C)

**1296** **Jarrom Surprise Minor**

1. Mark Elvers
2. Janice Byrne
3. Jacqueline Barlow
4. Philip Jarvis
5. Pam Thomas
6. Stephen Coaker (C)

Rung on the Saint\'s Day of Hugh, Bishop of Lincoln, 1200.

**St Andrew\'s, Barming, invites everyone to Raise the Roof -** seasonal
songs and refreshments on December 1st at 7.30 pm -- retiring
collection for the repair of the church roof!

**December Readers\' List** (Thank you, everyone, and please feel free
to arrange swaps if necessary):

**Sunday 3 Dec** OT Mike Trout, NT Eleanor Relle

**Sunday 10 Dec** OT Margaret Gatehouse, NT Katja Svarts

**Sunday 17 Dec** OT Team Kwalombota, NT William Danes-Volkov

**Sunday 24 Dec** (Morning) OT Ralph Baldock, NT Catherine Garland

**Midnight Mass:** OT Team Kwalombota, NT Mike Trout

**Christmas morning:** OT Eleanor Relle, NT Ralph Baldock

***Could you pass this sheet on to someone else who might like to see
it?***
