**7th SUNDAY AFTER TRINITY Hymns 456, 457, 376, 368**

**FIRST READING Genesis 28, 10-19** Jacob left Beer-sheba and went
towards Haran. He came to a certain place and stayed there for the
night, because the sun had set. Taking one of the stones of the place,
he put it under his head and lay down in that place. And he dreamed that
there was a ladder set up on the earth, the top of it reaching to
heaven; and the angels of God were ascending and descending on it. And
the [Lord]{.smallcaps} stood beside him and said, 'I am
the [Lord]{.smallcaps}, the God of Abraham your father and the God of
Isaac; the land on which you lie I will give to you and to your
offspring; and your offspring shall be like the dust of the earth, and
you shall spread abroad to the west and to the east and to the north and
to the south; and all the families of the earth shall be blessed in you
and in your offspring. Know that I am with you and will keep you
wherever you go, and will bring you back to this land; for I will not
leave you until I have done what I have promised you.' Then Jacob woke
from his sleep and said, 'Surely the [Lord]{.smallcaps} is in this
place---and I did not know it!' And he was afraid, and said, 'How
awesome is this place! This is none other than the house of God, and
this is the gate of heaven.'

So Jacob rose early in the morning, and he took the stone that he had
put under his head and set it up for a pillar and poured oil on the top
of it. He called that place Bethel.

**RESPONSORIAL PSALM 139 Response: I thank you for the wonder of my
being.**

O Lord, you search me and you know me, you know my resting and my
rising,

you discern my purpose form afar. You mark when I walk or lie down, all
my ways lie open to you. **R.**

For it was you who created my being,knit me together in my mother's
womb.\
I thank you for the wonder of my being, for the wonders of all your
creation. **R.**

Already you knew my soul, my body held no secret from you\
when I was being fashioned in secret and moulded in the depths of the
earth. **R.**

**SECOND READING Romans 8.12-25** So then, brothers and sisters, we are
debtors, not to the flesh, to live according to the flesh--- for if you
live according to the flesh, you will die; but if by the Spirit you put
to death the deeds of the body, you will live. For all who are led by
the Spirit of God are children of God. For you did not receive a spirit
of slavery to fall back into fear, but you have received a spirit of
adoption. When we cry, 'Abba! Father!' it is that very Spirit bearing
witness with our spirit that we are children of God, and if children,
then heirs, heirs of God and joint heirs with Christ---if, in fact, we
suffer with him so that we may also be glorified with him. I consider
that the sufferings of this present time are not worth comparing with
the glory about to be revealed to us. For the creation waits with eager
longing for the revealing of the children of God; for the creation was
subjected to futility, not of its own will but by the will of the one
who subjected it, in hope that the creation itself will be set free from
its bondage to decay and will obtain the freedom of the glory of the
children of God. We know that the whole creation has been groaning in
labour pains until now; and not only the creation, but we ourselves, who
have the first fruits of the Spirit, groan inwardly while we wait for
adoption, the redemption of our bodies. For in hope we were saved. Now
hope that is seen is not hope. For who hopes for what is seen? But if we
hope for what we do not see, we wait for it with patience.

**GOSPEL Matthew 13.24-30,36-43** He put before them another parable:
'The kingdom of heaven may be compared to someone who sowed good seed in
his field; but while everybody was asleep, an enemy came and sowed weeds
among the wheat, and then went away. So when the plants came up and bore
grain, then the weeds appeared as well. And the slaves of the
householder came and said to him, "Master, did you not sow good seed in
your field? Where, then, did these weeds come from?" He answered, "An
enemy has done this." The slaves said to him, "Then do you want us to go
and gather them?" But he replied, "No; for in gathering the weeds you
would uproot the wheat along with them. Let both of them grow together
until the harvest; and at harvest time I will tell the reapers, Collect
the weeds first and bind them in bundles to be burned, but gather the
wheat into my barn."' Then he left the crowds and went into the house.
And his disciples approached him, saying, 'Explain to us the parable of
the weeds of the field.' He answered, 'The one who sows the good seed is
the Son of Man; the field is the world, and the good seed are the
children of the kingdom; the weeds are the children of the evil one, and
the enemy who sowed them is the devil; the harvest is the end of the
age, and the reapers are angels. Just as the weeds are collected and
burned up with fire, so will it be at the end of the age. The Son of Man
will send his angels, and they will collect out of his kingdom all
causes of sin and all evildoers, and they will throw them into the
furnace of fire, where there will be weeping and gnashing of teeth. Then
the righteous will shine like the sun in the kingdom of their Father.
Let anyone with ears listen!

