**TRINITY SUNDAY Hymns 146, 159, 295, 358**

**FIRST READING Isaiah 40.12-17,27-31**

Who has measured the waters in the hollow of his hand and marked off the
heavens with a span, enclosed the dust of the earth in a measure, and
weighed the mountains in scales and the hills in a balance? Who has
directed the spirit of the Lord, or as his counsellor has instructed
him? Whom did he consult for his enlightenment, and who taught him the
path of justice? Who taught him knowledge, and showed him the way of
understanding?

Even the nations are like a drop from a bucket, and are accounted as
dust on the scales; see, he takes up the isles like fine dust. Lebanon
would not provide fuel enough, nor are its animals enough for a
burnt-offering. All the nations are as nothing before him; they are
accounted before him as less than nothing and emptiness.

Why do you say, O Jacob, and speak, O Israel, 'My way is hidden from the
Lord, and my right is disregarded by my God'?

Have you not known? Have you not heard? The Lord is the everlasting God,
the Creator of the ends of the earth. He does not faint or grow weary;
his understanding is unsearchable. He gives power to the faint, and
strengthens the powerless. Even youths will faint and be weary, and the
young will fall exhausted; but those who wait for the Lord shall renew
their strength, they shall mount up with wings like eagles, they shall
run and not be weary, they shall walk and not faint.

**RESPONSORIAL PSALM 8**

**R: How great is your name, O Lord our God, through all the earth!**

When I see the heavens, the work of your hands, the moon and the stars which you arranged,  
what is man that you should keep him in mind, mortal man that you care for him? **R**

Yet you have made him little less than a god; with glory and honour you crowned him,  
gave him power over the works of your hands, put all things under his feet. **R**

All of them, sheep and cattle, yes, even the savage beasts,   
birds of the air, and fish that make their way through the waters. **R**

**SECOND READING 2 Corinthians 13.11-13**

Finally, brothers and sisters, farewell. Put things in order, listen to
my appeal, agree with one another, live in peace; and the God of love
and peace will be with you. Greet one another with a holy kiss. All the
saints greet you.

The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ, the love of God, and the communion
of the Holy Spirit be with all of you.

**GOSPEL Matthew 28.16-20**

Now the eleven disciples went to Galilee, to the mountain to which Jesus
had directed them. When they saw him, they worshipped him; but some
doubted.

And Jesus came and said to them, 'All authority in heaven and on earth
has been given to me. Go therefore and make disciples of all nations,
baptising them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy
Spirit, and teaching them to obey everything that I have commanded you.
And remember, I am with you always, to the end of the age.'

***Could you pass on this sheet to someone else who might like to see it?***

***NEWS FROM ST MICHAEL\'S***

*A very warm welcome* to any new readers, and to visitors and newcomers
to St Michael\'s. A special welcome and thanks to Fr Paul, our celebrant
this morning, who will also kindly be saying Mass for us on Thursday at
10.30 am. If you are new to St Michael\'s, do join us in the Vestry Hall
after the service, so that we can welcome you properly.

**Thursday, June 8^th^, is the Feast of Corpus Christi,** when we thank
God especially for His gift to us of the Holy Eucharist. Of course we
also commemorate this, with thanksgiving, on Maundy Thursday, but on
that day the Passion of the Lord is already at the forefront of our
minds, and it\'s good to give thanks again as we contemplate this
mystery bathed in the light of His glorious Resurrection and Ascension.
Thursday\'s 10.30 Mass will be a special Corpus Christi one; please come
if you possibly can.

**Saturday, June 10^th^, is the Richborough Family Day** for this
diocese -- a chance for Resolution parishes, including our own, to
gather at Canterbury Cathedral to express our gratitude for the ministry
of Bishop Norman, who will be retiring at Easter 2024. Bishop Norman\'s
pastoral concern and support for all his parishes, scattered over a
challengingly wide area, has always been noteworthy, but was
particularly appreciated by his clergy during the pandemic, when he kept
in regular touch with them all via Zoom. Let\'s make a special effort to
see that St Michael\'s is well represented on Saturday, when Bishop
Norman will celebrate Mass at the Cathedral at 12 noon. Bring a picnic
lunch to eat in the cloister afterwards. Proceedings will finish around
3.15 pm after a few words of reflection from the Bishop. Could you offer
a lift, or could you have a word with someone who might offer one to
you? *NB parking at the Cathedral is permitted only in special cases;
please allow plenty of time to use the Park & Ride or to find a space in
one of the city car parks*.

**"As I was going to Strawberry Fair....."** That\'s what we\'ll all be
doing at St Michael\'s on **July 1^st^, 2 pm-4.30 pm.** Please encourage
any friends, neighbours and relations to come too, for a luscious
strawberry tea plus some fun (raffle, tombola, craft stall.....) If you
are not yet booked to help with something -- baking, setting-up,
serving, clearing away, displaying posters....? - do **speak to Sara (in
person or on 07837 919761).** She also welcomes offers of tombola items
(children\'s or grown-ups\'), craft items, and any bright ideas for
additional money-making and amusement.

**Fr Derek Mottershead,** now convalescing at home after surgery, thanks
members of St Michael\'s for their prayers and good wishes. He is full
of appreciation for the excellent care he has received from the NHS.

**READERS\' LIST FOR JUNE**

*Apologies for the late appearance of this list. If unable to read on
the day listed, please try to make an arrangement with another reader or
speak to Eleanor. Please, where possible, can both readers try to arrive
beside the lectern at the same time, and return to their seats at the
same time?*

**Sunday June 4^th^:** OT Mike Trout, NT William Danes-Volkov   
**Sunday June 11^th^:** OT Catherine Garland, NT Katja Svarts   
**Sunday June 18^th^:** OT Margaret Gatehouse, NT Alison Heywood   
**Sunday June 25^th^:** OT Paul Jones, NT Eleanor Relle   

**Thank you to Paul, Martyn and Margaret** for the effective tidying
session that took place in church on Friday.

**Future welcomes:**

**On July 11^th^** we look forward to welcoming Jubilee School for their
Leavers\' Service.

**On August 13^th^** we look forward to a visit from Archdeacon Andrew
Sewell, who has kindly accepted an invitation to preach for us.

**Welcome back** to Malcolm, who visited his historic trolleybus in
Doncaster last weekend; and **thank you to Martyn**, who kindly provided
recorded music in his absence.
