
*A very warm welcome* to any new readers, and to visitors and newcomers
to St Michael\'s. A special welcome and thanks to Fr Paul, our celebrant
this morning, who will also kindly be saying Mass for us on Thursday at
10.30 am. If you are new to St Michael\'s, do join us in the Vestry Hall
after the service, so that we can welcome you properly.

**Thursday, June 8th, is the Feast of Corpus Christi,** when we thank
God especially for His gift to us of the Holy Eucharist. Of course we
also commemorate this, with thanksgiving, on Maundy Thursday, but on
that day the Passion of the Lord is already at the forefront of our
minds, and it\'s good to give thanks again as we contemplate this
mystery bathed in the light of His glorious Resurrection and Ascension.
Thursday\'s 10.30 Mass will be a special Corpus Christi one; please come
if you possibly can.

**Saturday, June 10th, is the Richborough Family Day** for this
diocese -- a chance for Resolution parishes, including our own, to
gather at Canterbury Cathedral to express our gratitude for the ministry
of Bishop Norman, who will be retiring at Easter 2024. Bishop Norman\'s
pastoral concern and support for all his parishes, scattered over a
challengingly wide area, has always been noteworthy, but was
particularly appreciated by his clergy during the pandemic, when he kept
in regular touch with them all via Zoom. Let\'s make a special effort to
see that St Michael\'s is well represented on Saturday, when Bishop
Norman will celebrate Mass at the Cathedral at 12 noon. Bring a picnic
lunch to eat in the cloister afterwards. Proceedings will finish around
3.15 pm after a few words of reflection from the Bishop. Could you offer
a lift, or could you have a word with someone who might offer one to
you? *NB parking at the Cathedral is permitted only in special cases;
please allow plenty of time to use the Park & Ride or to find a space in
one of the city car parks*.

**"As I was going to Strawberry Fair....."** That\'s what we\'ll all be
doing at St Michael\'s on **July 1st, 2 pm-4.30 pm.** Please encourage
any friends, neighbours and relations to come too, for a luscious
strawberry tea plus some fun (raffle, tombola, craft stall.....) If you
are not yet booked to help with something -- baking, setting-up,
serving, clearing away, displaying posters....? - do **speak to Sara (in
person or on 07837 919761).** She also welcomes offers of tombola items
(children\'s or grown-ups\'), craft items, and any bright ideas for
additional money-making and amusement.

**Fr Derek Mottershead,** now convalescing at home after surgery, thanks
members of St Michael\'s for their prayers and good wishes. He is full
of appreciation for the excellent care he has received from the NHS.

**READERS\' LIST FOR JUNE**

*Apologies for the late appearance of this list. If unable to read on
the day listed, please try to make an arrangement with another reader or
speak to Eleanor. Please, where possible, can both readers try to arrive
beside the lectern at the same time, and return to their seats at the
same time?*

**Sunday June 4th:** OT Mike Trout, NT William Danes-Volkov   
**Sunday June 11th:** OT Catherine Garland, NT Katja Svarts   
**Sunday June 18th:** OT Margaret Gatehouse, NT Alison Heywood   
**Sunday June 25th:** OT Paul Jones, NT Eleanor Relle   

**Thank you to Paul, Martyn and Margaret** for the effective tidying
session that took place in church on Friday.

**Future welcomes:**

**On July 11th** we look forward to welcoming Jubilee School for their
Leavers\' Service.

**On August 13th** we look forward to a visit from Archdeacon Andrew
Sewell, who has kindly accepted an invitation to preach for us.

**Welcome back** to Malcolm, who visited his historic trolleybus in
Doncaster last weekend; and **thank you to Martyn**, who kindly provided
recorded music in his absence.
