**6th SUNDAY AFTER TRINITY Hymns 353, 439, 384, 367**

FIRST READING Genesis 25.19-34 These are the descendants of Isaac, Abraham's son: Abraham was the father of Isaac, and Isaac was forty years old when he married Rebekah, daughter of Bethuel the Aramean of Paddan-aram, sister of Laban the Aramean. Isaac prayed to the [Lord]{.smallcaps} for his wife, because she was barren; and the [Lord]{.smallcaps} granted his prayer, and his wife Rebekah conceived. The children struggled together within her; and she said, 'If it is to be this way, why do I live?' So she went to inquire of the [Lord]{.smallcaps}. And the [Lord]{.smallcaps} said to her, 'Two nations are in your womb,    and two peoples born of you shall be divided; one shall be stronger than the other,    the elder shall serve the younger.' When her time to give birth was at hand, there were twins in her womb. The first came out red, all his body like a hairy mantle; so they named him Esau. Afterwards his brother came out, with his hand gripping Esau's heel; so he was named Jacob. Isaac was sixty years old when she bore them.When the boys grew up, Esau was a skilful hunter, a man of the field, while Jacob was a quiet man, living in tents. Isaac loved Esau, because he was fond of game; but Rebekah loved Jacob.Once when Jacob was cooking a stew, Esau came in from the field, and he was famished. Esau said to Jacob, 'Let me eat some of that red stuff, for I am famished!' (Therefore he was called Edom.) Jacob said, 'First sell me your birthright.' Esau said, 'I am about to die; of what use is a birthright to me?' Jacob said, 'Swear to me first.' So he swore to him, and sold his birthright to Jacob. Then Jacob gave Esau bread and lentil stew, and he ate and drank, and rose and went his way. Thus Esau despised his birthright.

**Responsorial Psalm 119: 105-112 Response: Your Word, O Lord, is a lamp
for my feet.**

Your word is a lamp for my feet, and a light for my path.

I have sworn an oath and affirmed it, to obey your just judgments. **R**

I am deeply afflicted, O LORD; by your word, give me life.

Accept, LORD, my freely offered homage, and teach me your decrees. **R**

My life is in my hands at all times; I do not forget your law.

For me the wicked have set a snare; yet I do not stray from your
precepts. **R**

Your decrees are my heritage forever, the joy of my heart.

I incline my heart to carry out your statutes forever, to the end. **R**

**SECOND READING Romans 8.1-11** There is therefore now no condemnation
for those who are in Christ Jesus. For the law of the Spirit of life in
Christ Jesus has set you free from the law of sin and of death. For God
has done what the law, weakened by the flesh, could not do: by sending
his own Son in the likeness of sinful flesh, and to deal with sin, he
condemned sin in the flesh, so that the just requirement of the law
might be fulfilled in us, who walk not according to the flesh but
according to the Spirit. For those who live according to the flesh set
their minds on the things of the flesh, but those who live according to
the Spirit set their minds on the things of the Spirit. To set the mind
on the flesh is death, but to set the mind on the Spirit is life and
peace. For this reason the mind that is set on the flesh is hostile to
God; it does not submit to God's law---indeed it cannot, and those who
are in the flesh cannot please God. But you are not in the flesh; you
are in the Spirit, since the Spirit of God dwells in you. Anyone who
does not have the Spirit of Christ does not belong to him. But if Christ
is in you, though the body is dead because of sin, the Spirit is life
because of righteousness. If the Spirit of him who raised Jesus from the
dead dwells in you, he who raised Christ from the dead will give life to
your mortal bodies also through his Spirit that dwells in you.

**GOSPEL Matthew 13.1-9,18-23** That same day Jesus went out of the
house and sat beside the lake. Such great crowds gathered around him
that he got into a boat and sat there, while the whole crowd stood on
the beach. And he told them many things in parables, saying: 'Listen! A
sower went out to sow. And as he sowed, some seeds fell on the path, and
the birds came and ate them up. Other seeds fell on rocky ground, where
they did not have much soil, and they sprang up quickly, since they had
no depth of soil. But when the sun rose, they were scorched; and since
they had no root, they withered away. Other seeds fell among thorns, and
the thorns grew up and choked them. Other seeds fell on good soil and
brought forth grain, some a hundredfold, some sixty, some thirty. Let
anyone with ears listen!' 'Hear then the parable of the sower. When
anyone hears the word of the kingdom and does not understand it, the
evil one comes and snatches away what is sown in the heart; this is what
was sown on the path. As for what was sown on rocky ground, this is the
one who hears the word and immediately receives it with joy; yet such a
person has no root, but endures only for a while, and when trouble or
persecution arises on account of the word, that person immediately falls
away. As for what was sown among thorns, this is the one who hears the
word, but the cares of the world and the lure of wealth choke the word,
and it yields nothing. But as for what was sown on good soil, this is
the one who hears the word and understands it, who indeed bears fruit
and yields, in one case a hundredfold, in another sixty, and in another
thirty.'

