**Third Sunday after Trinity Hymns 378, 343, 306, 413**

**First Reading Genesis 21: 8-21 The child grew, and was weaned; and
Abraham made a great feast on the day that Isaac was weaned. But Sarah
saw the son of Hagar the Egyptian, whom she had borne to Abraham,
playing with her son Isaac. So she said to Abraham, 'Cast out this slave
woman with her son; for the son of this slave woman shall not inherit
along with my son Isaac.' The matter was very distressing to Abraham on
account of his son. But God said to Abraham, 'Do not be distressed
because of the boy and because of your slave woman; whatever Sarah says
to you, do as she tells you, for it is through Isaac that offspring
shall be named after you. As for the son of the slave woman, I will make
a nation of him also, because he is your offspring.' So Abraham rose
early in the morning, and took bread and a skin of water, and gave it to
Hagar, putting it on her shoulder, along with the child, and sent her
away. And she departed, and wandered about in the wilderness of
Beer-sheba.** When the water in the skin was gone, she cast the child
under one of the bushes. Then she went and sat down opposite him a good
way off, about the distance of a bowshot; for she said, 'Do not let me
look on the death of the child.' And as she sat opposite him, she lifted
up her voice and wept. And God heard the voice of the boy; and the angel
of God called to Hagar from heaven, and said to her, 'What troubles you,
Hagar? Do not be afraid; for God has heard the voice of the boy where he
is. Come, lift up the boy and hold him fast with your hand, for I will
make a great nation of him.' Then God opened her eyes, and she saw a
well of water. She went, and filled the skin with water, and gave the
boy a drink.

God was with the boy, and he grew up; he lived in the wilderness, and
became an expert with the bow. He lived in the wilderness of Paran; and
his mother got a wife for him from the land of Egypt.

**Responsorial Psalm 86 R All nations you have made shall come and
worship you, O Lord.**

Incline your ear, O Lord, and answer me, for I am poor and in misery.

Preserve my soul, for I am faithful; save your servant, for I put my
trust in you.

Be merciful to me, O Lord, for you are my God; I call upon you all the
day long.

Gladden the soul of your servant, for to you, O Lord, I lift up my soul.
**R**

For you, Lord, are good and forgiving, abounding in steadfast love to
all who call upon you.

Give ear, O Lord, to my prayer, and listen to the voice of my
supplication.

In the day of my distress I will call upon you, for you will answer me.
**R**

Among the gods there is none like you, O Lord, nor any works like yours.

All nations you have made shall come and worship you, O Lord, and shall
glorify your name.

For you are great and do wonderful things; you alone are God. **R**

**SECOND READING Romans 6.1b-11** Should we continue in sin in order
that grace may abound? By no means! How can we who died to sin go on
living in it? Do you not know that all of us who have been baptized into
Christ Jesus were baptized into his death? Therefore we have been buried
with him by baptism into death, so that, just as Christ was raised from
the dead by the glory of the Father, so we too might walk in newness of
life. For if we have been united with him in a death like his, we will
certainly be united with him in a resurrection like his. We know that
our old self was crucified with him so that the body of sin might be
destroyed, and we might no longer be enslaved to sin. For whoever has
died is freed from sin. But if we have died with Christ, we believe that
we will also live with him. We know that Christ, being raised from the
dead, will never die again; death no longer has dominion over him. The
death he died, he died to sin, once for all; but the life he lives, he
lives to God. So you also must consider yourselves dead to sin and alive
to God in Christ Jesus.

**GOSPEL Matthew 10.24-39** 'A disciple is not above the teacher, nor a
slave above the master; it is enough for the disciple to be like the
teacher, and the slave like the master. If they have called the master
of the house Beelzebul, how much more will they malign those of his
household! 'So have no fear of them; for nothing is covered up that will
not be uncovered, and nothing secret that will not become known. What I
say to you in the dark, tell in the light; and what you hear whispered,
proclaim from the housetops. Do not fear those who kill the body but
cannot kill the soul; rather fear him who can destroy both soul and body
in hell. Are not two sparrows sold for a penny? Yet not one of them will
fall to the ground unperceived by your Father. And even the hairs of
your head are all counted. So do not be afraid; you are of more value
than many sparrows. 'Everyone therefore who acknowledges me before
others, I also will acknowledge before my Father in heaven; but whoever
denies me before others, I also will deny before my Father in heaven.
'Do not think that I have come to bring peace to the earth; I have not
come to bring peace, but a sword. For I have come to set a man against
his father, and a daughter against her mother, and a daughter-in-law
against her mother-in-law; and one's foes will be members of one's own
household. Whoever loves father or mother more than me is not worthy of
me; and whoever loves son or daughter more than me is not worthy of me;
and whoever does not take up the cross and follow me is not worthy of
me. Those who find their life will lose it, and those who lose their
life for my sake will find it.

***NEWS FROM ST MICHAEL\'S***

*A very warm welcome* to any new readers, and to visitors and newcomers
to St Michael\'s. A special welcome and thanks to Fr Paul, our celebrant
this morning, who will also kindly be saying Mass for us on Thursday at
10.30 am. If you are new to St Michael\'s, do join us in the Vestry Hall
after the service, so that we can welcome you properly.

**Strawberry Fair, 1st July, 2 -- 4.30 pm!** Last-minute contributions
and offers of help still appreciated -- and, most of all, **please come,
and tell your friends!** **Sara (07837 919761)** is happy to receive
offers or field queries.

**A lorry is leaving for Ukraine in 3 weeks\' time.** Particularly
requested are medical items, bandages, walking aids, household equipment
(including bedding if it\'s good and clean), imperishable food, school
and play items for children, and garden tools for the military (for
digging trenches and for digging graves -- which does bring the
situation home to us, doesn\'t it?) Samantha Bowden of **North Street,
Barming,** is acting as a collection point. Have you anything you would
like to send?

**Readers\' List for July:** Thanks, as ever, to all our readers. If
unable to read on the day listed, please try to arrange a swap with
another reader, or, if in difficulty, contact Eleanor as soon as you
can.

2 July -- OT Mike Trout, NT Eleanor Relle

9 July -- OT Zangi/Eta, NT Margaret Gatehouse

16 July -- OT William Danes-Volkov, NT Paul Jones

23 July -- OT Ralph Baldock, NT Alison Heywood

30 July -- OT Catherine Garland, NT Katja Svarts

**From our Tower: Kent County Association, [Maidstone,
Kent](https://dove.cccbr.org.uk/tower/12644#_blank): St Michael and All
Angels**

Friday, 16 June 2023 in 38m (6--1--24 in C)

**1272 Primrose Surprise Minor**

1. Philip Jarvis
2. Jacqueline Barlow
3. Emma Jarvis
4. Mark Elvers
5. Stephen Coaker (C)
6. Janice Byrne

Rung on the Day of St Richard of Chichester (1253).

**Sunday, 18 June 2023 in 45m (6--1--24 in C)**

**1312 Turramurra Surprise Major**

1. Christopher M Trafford
2. Adam Moore
3. Jacqueline Barlow
4. Mark Elvers
5. Stuart Cox
6. Philip Jarvis
7. Mike Birkbeck
8. Neil Jones (C)

Rung on Fathers\' Day, also the Day of Bernard Mizeki, Apostle of the
Mashona and Martyr (1896).

**Musical Girls?** Alas, this year\'s closing date has just passed --
but if you know any musical girls who live within easy reach of
Canterbury and will be in **year 7 in 2024**, bear in mind that
Canterbury Cathedral will be auditioning for girl choristers next June
as well. The girls sing at services and concerts, and receive music
theory tuition and financial grants for singing lessons. Some of them go
on to hold music awards at school and university. Previous musical
education is good to have, but not a requirement -- the cathedral is
looking for potential. Further information from the Cathedral Music
Dept. No longer do cathedral choristers have to be boys -- though there
continue to be plenty of openings for boy choristers too, as our own
Dylan Elvers has demonstrated at Rochester.

**Blessing of the Fisheries, Folkestone:** Anyone planning to attend
today (Sunday), can look forward not only to a moving ceremony but to a
kind welcome from our friends at St Peter\'s, who always provide a
splendid tea. It\'s also a chance to greet Bishop Norman, who will be
present for the last time. Do note, however, that as today is also Armed
Forces Community Day, you may need extra time to find parking in
Folkestone before heading for The Stade for 2.45 pm.

***Could you pass this sheet on to someone else who might like to see
it?***
