
*A very warm welcome* to any new readers, and to visitors and newcomers
to St Michael\'s. A special welcome and thanks to Fr Paul, our celebrant
this morning, who will also kindly be saying Mass for us on Thursday at
10.30 am. If you are new to St Michael\'s, do join us in the Vestry Hall
after the service, so that we can welcome you properly.

The quire of Canterbury Cathedral was the majestic setting for **Bishop
Norman\'s Richborough Family Mass** on 10th June. The Bishop\'s sermon
touched on how ordinary, yet how special, shared meals and the
accompanying shared stories are -- witness the fact that our Lord\'s
earthly ministry began with the wedding party at Cana and closed with
the Last Supper. Nor are we mortals the only ones who remember: "*You,"*
he said, *"each one of you, are indelibly etched upon the memory of
God."* After a sun-drenched picnic lunch in the cloister, we gathered in
the Chapter House to hear the Bishop "opening up" Philippians Chapter 2.
This was poignant - "because you and I will never be all together, in
this place, in this way, again" - but the overwhelming sensation was one
of shared joy, expressed in the appreciative applause and cheering with
which our shared Bible reflection concluded.

For people who had to miss that occasion: **Bishop Norman will be at
Folkestone** for the **Blessing of the Fisheries on June 25th**
(assemble at St Peter\'s Church at 2.45 for procession to The Stade) and
members of Resolution parishes, including our own, will be warmly
welcomed to take part in this inspiring and enjoyable ceremony.

**Thank you to Katja,** who courageously volunteered to deal with mould
on the walls of the lavatories in the church Halls and carried out the
work last Sunday before the Wendy House returned from half-term. Thanks
also to Paul for supplying a very effective product to do the job.

**From Our Tower: Kent County Association, [Maidstone,
Kent](https://dove.cccbr.org.uk/tower/12644#_blank): St Michael and All
Angels**

Sunday, 4 June 2023 in 41m (6--1--24 in C)

**1260 Stedman Triples**

1. Stephen Coaker
2. Philip Jarvis
3. Jacqueline Barlow
4. Emma Jarvis
5. Mike Birkbeck
6. Pam Thomas
7. Neil Jones (C)
8. Mark Elvers

Rung on the Saint\'s Day of Petroc, Abbot of Padstow, 6th century.

**Our Strawberry Fair is taking shape!** Sara has to be at work today,
but will be delighted to receive **offers of cake and scone making** for
the teas. Please telephone 07837 919761 or speak to Sara in person next
Sunday. **Tombola prizes** can be left in the box at the back of the
church -- what could you find (at home? in a charity shop? somewhere
else?) that would look good on a tombola -- For children? For adults? It
doesn\'t have to be strawberry-related, but if it is, all the better!

**A chance to be a pilgrim! This has crept up on us (apologies) and the
closing date is NOW!** The Resolution parishes in this diocese are
mounting a joint pilgrimage to Walsingham from 14th August (pm) to
18th August (am), to be led by Fr Peter Harnden of Harbledown. As you
can see, that week will include the Feast of the Assumption -- a
wonderful time to thank God for the part played by Blessed Mary in the
story of our salvation, to seek her intercession -- and to relax and
enjoy the lovely surroundings of the shrine, and the rural and coastal
scenery of that part of Norfolk. If you need a spiritual shot in the
arm, this could be for you. The cost (full board) should be about £250,
and a deposit of £30 is due immediately. Please speak to Eleanor after
Mass or phone her (01622 679551). She is going, and may be able to help
with a lift.

**We are all thinking of Ukraine at present:** The splendid people at 27
Maryland Drive, Barming, are unable to take further bulky items, but
there is a bin outside their house for medical and hygienic supplies
(even recently out-of-date), veterinary medicines and personal care
items for transport to Ukraine.

***Could you pass on this sheet to someone else who might like to see
it?***
