
A very warm welcome to any new readers, and to visitors and newcomers to
St Michael\'s, as we approach the solemn time of Holy Week and the joy
of Easter Day. A special welcome to Fr Paul, our celebrant this morning,
who will also kindly be leading our worship on **Maundy Thursday at 7.30
pm, on Good Friday at 3 pm, on Holy Saturday at 8 pm and on Easter Day
at 10.30 am.** Do join us for coffee today in the Vestry Hall after the
service, so that we can welcome you properly.

**Stations of the Cross** takes place in church today (Sunday) at 4.15
pm. This service of prayer and reflection should finish at about 5 pm.

**Watch of the Passion** takes place in the Ascension Chapel on Maundy
Thursday evening after Mass -- a precious opportunity to "watch and
pray" with the Lord in the Garden of Gethsemane. It is helpful if you
can indicate on the list in the narthex the time you intend to be there,
to ensure that all the time between Mass and midnight is covered.

**Easter flowers** will be done on Maundy Thursday morning from 9.30 am
and on Holy Saturday from 9.00 am. Everyone is most welcome to join in,
however briefly. Offerings of appropriate greenery, etc., will be
particularly welcome.

**Chrism Mass at Canterbury Cathedral** on Tuesday at 12 noon, when
Bishop Norman will be consecrating the oil of the sick, the oil of
catechumens and the oil of chrism to be used in the coming year. Priests
will be available for sacramental Confession before Mass. Bookings for
lunch have closed, but Eleanor still has 2 spaces in her car for anyone
who would like to join in this inspiring act of worship. This is an
opportunity, too, to show our appreciation of Bishop Norman at his last
Chrism Mass in this diocese.

**Vacancy News:** After a meeting with the Archdeacon last week, we now
hope to be able to advertise in the May issue of *New Directions.*
Please pray most earnestly that the right priest will see our
advertisement and respond.

**NB: However, a priest needs to be confident of the support of the
people he comes to serve. Is God calling YOU to serve as a Churchwarden
or PCC member at this important moment in the history of St Michael\'s?
Elections take place at the Annual Meeting on Sunday 30th April. Let
us have a vigorous, committed St Michael\'s team to prepare to welcome
our new priest! There are nomination forms in the narthex -- or
nominations can be put forward at the meeting.**

**The Church Electoral Roll** Are you on it? Are your details
correct? Would you like to be on it? Please speak to Martyn.

**The Coronation:** our new King needs our prayers. An excellent booklet
of prayers for daily use between Easter and the Coronation can be
ordered online from Church House Publishing, price Â£1.50. Remember also
our parish Big Lunch on Sunday, May 7th.

**Ring for the King!** Bellringers everywhere are preparing; contact the
Kent County Association if you are a ringer or former ringer who is not
yet involved.

**From our Tower**:

Kent County Association  
[Maidstone, Kent](https://dove.cccbr.org.uk/detail.php?tower=12644#_blank) St Michael and All Angels  
Friday, 24 March 2023 in 39m (6-1-24 in C)

**1260 Double Bob Minor**

1. Charlotte Elvers  
2. Janice Byrne  
3. Terry Barnard  
4. Mark Elvers  
5. Pam Thomas  
6. Neil Jones (C)  

Rung in Commemoration of Paul Couturier Priest, Ecumenist (1953) and
Oscar Romero, Archbishop of San Salvador, Martyr 1980.

***Could you pass on this sheet to someone else who might like to see
it?***
