**FOURTH SUNDAY OF EASTER Hymns 111, 296, 114, 124**

**FIRST READING Acts 2.42-47** They devoted themselves to the apostles'
teaching and fellowship, to the breaking of bread and the prayers. Awe
came upon everyone, because many wonders and signs were being done by
the apostles. All who believed were together and had all things in
common; they would sell their possessions and goods and distribute the
proceeds to all, as any had need. Day by day, as they spent much time
together in the temple, they broke bread at home and ate their food with
glad and generous hearts, praising God and having the goodwill of all
the people. And day by day the Lord added to their number those who were
being saved.

**RESPONSORIAL PSALM 23**

**Response: The Lord is my shepherd: there is nothing I shall want.**

1\. The Lord is my shepherd; there is nothing I shall want.  
Fresh and green are the pastures where he gives me repose.  
Near restful waters he leads me: to revive my drooping spirit. **R.**

2\. He guides me along the right path: he is true to his name.  
If I should walk in the valley of darkness no evil would I fear:  
You are there with your crook and your staff; with these you give me
comfort. **R**

3\. You have prepared a banquet for me: in the sight of my foes.  
My head you have anointed with oil: my cup is overflowing. **R.**

4\. Surely goodness and kindness shall follow me: all the days of my life.  
In the Lord's own house shall I dwell: for ever and ever. **R.**

**SECOND READING 1 Peter 2.19-25** For it is to your credit if, being
aware of God, you endure pain while suffering unjustly. If you endure
when you are beaten for doing wrong, where is the credit in that? But if
you endure when you do right and suffer for it, you have God's approval.
For to this you have been called, because Christ also suffered for you,
leaving you an example, so that you should follow in his steps. 'He
committed no sin, and no deceit was found in his mouth.' When he was
abused, he did not return abuse; when he suffered, he did not threaten;
but he entrusted himself to the one who judges justly. He himself bore
our sins in his body on the cross, so that, free from sins, we might
live for righteousness; by his wounds you have been healed. For you were
going astray like sheep, but now you have returned to the shepherd and
guardian of your souls.

**GOSPEL John 10.1-10** 'Very truly, I tell you, anyone who does not
enter the sheepfold by the gate but climbs in by another way is a thief
and a bandit. The one who enters by the gate is the shepherd of the
sheep. The gatekeeper opens the gate for him, and the sheep hear his
voice. He calls his own sheep by name and leads them out. When he has
brought out all his own, he goes ahead of them, and the sheep follow him
because they know his voice. They will not follow a stranger, but they
will run from him because they do not know the voice of strangers.'
Jesus used this figure of speech with them, but they did not understand
what he was saying to them. So again Jesus said to them, 'Very truly, I
tell you, I am the gate for the sheep. All who came before me are
thieves and bandits; but the sheep did not listen to them. I am the
gate. Whoever enters by me will be saved, and will come in and go out
and find pasture. The thief comes only to steal and kill and destroy. I
came that they may have life, and have it abundantly.

***Could you pass this sheet on to someone else who might like to see
it?***

***ST MICHAEL\'S NEWS***

*A very warm welcome* to any new readers, and to visitors and newcomers
to St Michael\'s. A special welcome and thanks to Fr Paul, our celebrant
this morning, who will also kindly be saying Mass for us on Thursday at
10.30 am. If you are new to St Michael\'s, do join us in the Vestry Hall
after the service, so that we can welcome you properly. Today we hold
our Annual Parish Church Meeting, to which all are invited. Many thanks
to Paul, who has generously provided sparkling wine and nibbles to make
the occasion still more enjoyable.

**STRAWBERRY FAIR -- URGENT! For work reasons, Sara is not in church
today but is most anxious to receive ideas and offers of help for our
Strawberry Fair on 1st July. It is later than we think, and if the
Fair is to go ahead, Sara needs to know who will support her. Please
contact her, swiftly, on 07837 919761 or 01622 682675.**

**Readers\' List for May:**

*Warmest thanks to all our readers! If unable to read on the day listed,
please try to make an arrangement with another reader.*

**Sunday 7th May:** Acts and Psalm Alison Heywood, 2nd reading Mike Trout  
**Sunday 14th May:** Acts and Psalm Eta/Zangi, 2nd reading Paul Jones  
**Sunday 21st May:** Acts and Psalm: Catherine Garland, 2nd reading Katja Svarts  
**Pentecost:** Acts and Psalm Ralph Baldock, 2nd reading Margaret Gatehouse  

**Don\'t forget our Parish Lunch** to celebrate the Coronation -- next
Sunday after Mass! Any late offers of food or help, please, to Alison
Ponter.

**Our Tower will be in action on the Coronation weekend:**

**Ringing for the King at St Michael and All Angels Maidstone **\
Friday May 5th 1/4 peal 8pm\
Saturday May 6th 1/4 peal 5:30pm\
Sunday May 7th 1/4 peal 3:30pm

Do read the very impressive Tower Report, among the APCM paperwork.

**A special thank you** to Treasurer Nelly, whose inconspicuous but
indispensable work preparing our accounts has been approached with such
patience and professionalism.

**Vacancy News:** Our advertisement has now appeared. Please pray that
the right priest will respond!

**Emerge** is a local Christian charity devoted to befriending young
people who have been self-harming or attempting suicide. The number of
these in this part of Kent runs into hundreds every year, the vast
majority of them teenage girls. Emerge seeks to train volunteers to
support such young people, in crisis or recovery, whether in hospital or
in the community. It also seeks prayers and donations. For information,
please email <info@emergeadvocacy.com>.

**Having a clear-out?** Make a Difference Maidstone (MADM) seeks items
of furniture that could be repaired or upcycled, for sale in its shop or
for people who have no furniture. Other household items are likely to be
welcome also. Kent County Council is supporting this initiative to save
usable items from being dumped. Enquiries, please, to 01622 687414.

**Can you help a neighbour parish?** The new St Faith\'s Community
Centre is almost completed, but as it approaches the last lap it has
been offered a crowdfunding page by Aviva. Any gift of less than £250
(per household) will be matched by Aviva if it arrives before May
26th. The crowdfunding link is
https//www.crowdfunder.co.uk/p/st-faiths-centre-2-1.
