
***A warm welcome*** to any new readers, and to visitors and newcomers
to St Michael\'s. Today we leave behind us the Epiphany season, and look
forward to the approach of Lent and Passiontide -- a time to ask
ourselves how serious we are about our Christian faith, and to seek our
Lord\'s help to "know Thee more clearly, love Thee more dearly, and
follow Thee more nearly." A special welcome to Fr Paul, who is kindly
celebrating today and will also be celebrating Mass for us on Thursday
at 10.30. If you are new to St Michael\'s, do join us for tea or coffee
in the Vestry Hall after Mass, so that we can welcome you properly.

**People, look east!** Our splendid east window, so wretchedly damaged
by vandals last summer, has finally been repaired -- as has the window
in the north porch, which we can now see for the little gem it is.
**Easthope Stained Glass** of Folkestone did the repairs, adding a new
external guard for the east window, and we are deeply thankful for their
technology, craftsmanship - and patience. We also much appreciate the
prompt, capable and helpful service of John White at **White\'s Upright
Scaffolding.**

**The Garden Working Party** really makes a difference! Thank you to all
who worked so hard in January. An **extra GWP** has been scheduled for
Saturday,**11th February,** at 9.30 am -- tasks to include finishing
work on the hedge. Hopefully the weather will cooperate! Speak to Martyn
for further information. There will be a **regular GWP** on Saturday,
**25th February,** at 9.30 am, for general clearing and tidying,
particularly in view of\...

**\...Bishop Norman\'s Visit on 26th February --** a chance for us all
to seek inspiration and encouragement on the first Sunday of Lent.
**Please sign up on the list at the back of church** if you can offer
food and/or help with the buffet lunch planned for apr√®s-Mass that day
-- and, most important, come to church on the 26th! The Bishop\'s
encouragement will be especially welcome in view of our\...

**\...Vacancy News:** A letter from the Bishop of Dover, received last
Monday, informs us that "I will not be taking the application further at
this time" and that the Archdeacon of Maidstone "will be speaking to you
about the next steps for making a new appointment."

**Our Quiet Day at The Friars** on Saturday March 25th promises to be
a refreshing and rewarding one. If you have not yet registered an
interest, do speak to Eleanor, Paul or Jonathan if you would like to
come. If you might be able to offer someone a lift, better still!

**The Consecration of the Bishop of Oswestry** took place on Candlemas
morning in the magnificent surroundings of the Quire of Canterbury
Cathedral. Two more bishops were consecrated in the afternoon -- but the
St Michael\'s party, numbering 6 in all, adjourned for lunch to the Kent
and Canterbury Club, at the invitation of Fr Derek. Warmest thanks to Fr
Derek for making it such a happy and convivial expedition.

**From our Tower:**

**Kent County Association: [Maidstone,
Kent](https://dove.cccbr.org.uk/detail.php?tower=12644#_blank), St
Michael and All Angels**

**Friday, 27 January 2023 in 40m (6--1--24 in C)**

**1272** **Carlisle Surprise Minor**

1Janice Byrne

2Jacqueline Barlow

3Philip Jarvis

4Mark Elvers

5Pam Thomas

6Neil Jones (C)

1700th Quarter and final quarter on current hip: 2.

**Sunday, 29 January 2023 in 43m (6--1--24 in C)**

**1280 London Surprise Major**

1Terry Barnard

2Phillip Barnes

3Mike Birkbeck

4Mark Elvers

5Elizabeth Barnes

6Paul Barton

7Pam Thomas

8Neil Jones (C)

In memory of Sheila Barton who would have been 91 today.
