
*A very warm welcome* to any new readers, and to visitors and newcomers
to St Michael\'s. A special welcome and thanks to Fr Paul, our celebrant
this morning, who will also kindly be saying Mass for us on Thursday at
10.30 am. If you are new to St Michael\'s, do join us in the Vestry Hall
after the service, so that we can welcome you properly.

**Local Government elections 2024.** Cllr Stephen Thompson of the Green
Party, a member of Jubilee Church, has contacted local churches to alert
them to the fact that in May 2024, by contrast with previous years,
**the entire Maidstone Borough Council will be up for re-election, with
48 seats to fill.** Far from trying to tell us how to vote, Cllr
Thompson is asking us to do our best to see that there will be enough
candidates whom we shall want to vote for. Do **you** know a person of
public spirit and integrity, very possibly a fellow-Christian, whom you
could encourage to stand for the Council? Could God be calling **you**
to seek to serve the Maidstone community in this way? Cllr Thompson
writes:

"I suggest that we have 3 months in which to find men and women with
Christian values and character who could provide residents with a
positive choice. Do we agree that God\'s People should be quick to step
forward in the cause of service to our district?" One way in which we
are all bound to respond to this challenge, whether or not we can
identify a possible candidate, is to pray continually for the public
life of our county town.

**Please talk to Sara** after Mass if you would still like to offer help
with our **Strawberry Fair!** In particular, **posters are now available
-- could you display or distribute?**

**From Our Tower: Kent County Association,
[Maidstone](https://dove.cccbr.org.uk/tower/12644#_blank)**[,
**Kent**](https://dove.cccbr.org.uk/tower/12644#_blank) **- St Michael
and All Angels**

Sunday, 4 June 2023 in 41m (6--1--24 in C)

**1260 Stedman Triples**

1. Stephen Coaker
2. Philip Jarvis
3. Jacqueline Barlow
4. Emma Jarvis
5. Mike Birkbeck
6. Pam Thomas
7. Neil Jones (C) 
8. Mark Elvers

Rung on the Saint\'s Day of Petroc, Abbot of Padstow, 6th century.

Sunday, 11 June 2023 in 43m (6--1--24 in C)

**1344 Double Norwich Court Bob Major**

1. Mark Elvers
2. Janice Byrne
3. Jacqueline Barlow
4. Rupert Cheeseman
5. Paul Barton
6. Kath White
7. Pam Thomas
8. Neil Jones (C) 

Rung on the Saint\'s Day of Barnabas the Apostle.

**Bishop Jonathan Baker** draws attention in *New Directions* to two
areas of tension apparent as the traditional sacramental teaching of the
Church is challenged by recent developments in and out of General Synod.
In relation to same-sex civil marriage, a priest who maintains the
traditional doctrine of marriage has liberty of conscience about whether
or not to use the proposed prayers of blessing for a same-sex union. In
relation to sacramental confession, it is proposed in the final IICSA
Report on sexual abuse that even a disclosure that takes place in the
confessional shall be subject to mandatory reporting by the priest --
which would be a radical departure from the teaching of the church and
from present canon law. While endorsing the Report\'s call for better
training and possible licensing for confessors -- a process to which
Anglo-Catholic practice and experience can make a distinctive
contribution -- Bishop Jonathan adds: "We know where we cannot, in
conscience, ever go.... We must pray that if the law of the land changes
we will be given strength and wisdom as to how to live and minister this
sacrament in those circumstances; but that the Church herself will not
change her laws, her canons, her teaching in this matter which touches
on the very essence of the gospel."
