**THIRD SUNDAY OF EASTER Hymns 106, 105,118, 162**

**FIRST READING Acts 2.14a, 36-41**

But Peter, standing with the eleven, raised his voice and addressed
them: \'Therefore let the entire house of Israel know with certainty
that God has made him both Lord and Messiah, this Jesus whom you
crucified.' Now when they heard this, they were cut to the heart and
said to Peter and to the other apostles, 'Brothers, what should we do?'
Peter said to them, 'Repent, and be baptized every one of you in the
name of Jesus Christ so that your sins may be forgiven; and you will
receive the gift of the Holy Spirit. For the promise is for you, for
your children, and for all who are far away, everyone whom the Lord our
God calls to him.' And he testified with many other arguments and
exhorted them, saying, 'Save yourselves from this corrupt generation.'
So those who welcomed his message were baptised, and that day about
three thousand persons were added.

**RESPONSORIAL PSALM 116**

**R. I will walk in the presence of the
Lord in the land of the living.**

I trusted, even when I said: "I am sorely afflicted,"    
O precious in the eyes of the Lord is the death of his faithful. **R.**

Your servant, Lord, your servant am I; you have loosened my bonds.    
A thanksgiving sacrifice I make; I will call on the Lord's name. **R.**

My vows to the Lord I will fulfil before all his people,    
in the courts of the house of the Lord, in your midst, O Jerusalem.  **R.**

**SECOND READING** **1 Peter 1.17-23** If you invoke as Father the one
who judges all people impartially according to their deeds, live in
reverent fear during the time of your exile. You know that you were
ransomed from the futile ways inherited from your ancestors, not with
perishable things like silver or gold, but with the precious blood of
Christ, like that of a lamb without defect or blemish. He was destined
before the foundation of the world, but was revealed at the end of the
ages for your sake. Through him you have come to trust in God, who
raised him from the dead and gave him glory, so that your faith and hope
are set on God. Now that you have purified your souls by your obedience
to the truth so that you have genuine mutual love, love one another
deeply from the heart. You have been born anew, not of perishable but of
imperishable seed, through the living and enduring word of God.

**GOSPEL Luke 24.13-35** Now on that same day two of them were going to
a village called Emmaus, about seven miles from Jerusalem, and talking
with each other about all these things that had happened. While they
were talking and discussing, Jesus himself came near and went with them,
but their eyes were kept from recognizing him. And he said to them,
'What are you discussing with each other while you walk along?' They
stood still, looking sad. Then one of them, whose name was Cleopas,
answered him, 'Are you the only stranger in Jerusalem who does not know
the things that have taken place there in these days?' He asked them,
'What things?' They replied, 'The things about Jesus of Nazareth, who
was a prophet mighty in deed and word before God and all the people, and
how our chief priests and leaders handed him over to be condemned to
death and crucified him. But we had hoped that he was the one to redeem
Israel. Yes, and besides all this, it is now the third day since these
things took place. Moreover, some women of our group astounded us. They
were at the tomb early this morning, and when they did not find his body
there, they came back and told us that they had indeed seen a vision of
angels who said that he was alive. Some of those who were with us went
to the tomb and found it just as the women had said; but they did not
see him.' Then he said to them, 'Oh, how foolish you are, and how slow
of heart to believe all that the prophets have declared! Was it not
necessary that the Messiah should suffer these things and then enter
into his glory?' Then beginning with Moses and all the prophets, he
interpreted to them the things about himself in all the scriptures. As
they came near the village to which they were going, he walked ahead as
if he were going on. But they urged him strongly, saying, 'Stay with us,
because it is almost evening and the day is now nearly over.' So he went
in to stay with them. When he was at the table with them, he took bread,
blessed and broke it, and gave it to them. Then their eyes were opened,
and they recognized him; and he vanished from their sight. They said to
each other, 'Were not our hearts burning within us while he was talking
to us on the road, while he was opening the scriptures to us?' That same
hour they got up and returned to Jerusalem; and they found the eleven
and their companions gathered together. They were saying, 'The Lord has
risen indeed, and he has appeared to Simon!' Then they told what had
happened on the road, and how he had been made known to them in the
breaking of the bread.

