**8th SUNDAY AFTER TRINITY Hymns 377, 387, 304, 393**

**FIRST READING Genesis 29.15-28** Then Laban said to Jacob, 'Because
you are my kinsman, should you therefore serve me for nothing? Tell me,
what shall your wages be?' Now Laban had two daughters; the name of the
elder was Leah, and the name of the younger was Rachel. Leah's eyes were
lovely, and Rachel was graceful and beautiful. Jacob loved Rachel; so he
said, 'I will serve you seven years for your younger daughter Rachel.'
Laban said, 'It is better that I give her to you than that I should give
her to any other man; stay with me.' So Jacob served seven years for
Rachel, and they seemed to him but a few days because of the love he had
for her. Then Jacob said to Laban, 'Give me my wife that I may go in to
her, for my time is completed.' So Laban gathered together all the
people of the place, and made a feast. But in the evening he took his
daughter Leah and brought her to Jacob; and he went in to her. (Laban
gave his maid Zilpah to his daughter Leah to be her maid.) When morning
came, it was Leah! And Jacob said to Laban, 'What is this you have done
to me? Did I not serve with you for Rachel? Why then have you deceived
me?' Laban said, 'This is not done in our country---giving the younger
before the firstborn. Complete the week of this one, and we will give
you the other also in return for serving me for another seven years.'
Jacob did so, and completed her week; then Laban gave him his daughter
Rachel as a wife.

**RESPONSORIAL PSALM 105 Response: The Lord remembers his covenant for
ever.**

Give thanks to the Lord, tell his name, make known his deeds among the
peoples.\
O sing to him, sing his praise; tell all his wonderful works! **R**

Give thanks to the Lord, tell his name, make known his deeds among the
peoples.\
O sing to him, sing his praise; tell all his wonderful works! **R**

Be proud of his holy name, Let the hearts that seek the Lord rejoice.\
Consider the Lord and his strength; constantly seek his face. **R**

O children of Abraham, his servant, O sons of the Jacob he chose.\
He, the Lord, is our God: his judgements prevail in all the earth.

He remembers his covenant for ever, his promise for a thousand
generations,\
the covenant he made with Abraham, the oath he swore to Isaac. **R**

**SECOND READING Romans 8.26-39** Likewise the Spirit helps us in our
weakness; for we do not know how to pray as we ought, but that very
Spirit intercedes with sighs too deep for words. And God, who searches
the heart, knows what is the mind of the Spirit, because the Spirit
intercedes for the saints according to the will of God. We know that all
things work together for good for those who love God, who are called
according to his purpose. For those whom he foreknew he also predestined
to be conformed to the image of his Son, in order that he might be the
firstborn within a large family. And those whom he predestined he also
called; and those whom he called he also justified; and those whom he
justified he also glorified. What then are we to say about these things?
If God is for us, who is against us? He who did not withhold his own
Son, but gave him up for all of us, will he not with him also give us
everything else? Who will bring any charge against God's elect? It is
God who justifies. Who is to condemn? It is Christ Jesus, who died, yes,
who was raised, who is at the right hand of God, who indeed intercedes
for us. Who will separate us from the love of Christ? Will hardship, or
distress, or persecution, or famine, or nakedness, or peril, or sword?
As it is written, 'For your sake we are being killed all day long; we
are accounted as sheep to be slaughtered.' No, in all these things we
are more than conquerors through him who loved us. For I am convinced
that neither death, nor life, nor angels, nor rulers, nor things
present, nor things to come, nor powers, nor height, nor depth, nor
anything else in all creation, will be able to separate us from the love
of God in Christ Jesus our Lord.

**GOSPEL Matthew 13.31-33,44-52** He put before them another parable:
'The kingdom of heaven is like a mustard seed that someone took and
sowed in his field; it is the smallest of all the seeds, but when it has
grown it is the greatest of shrubs and becomes a tree, so that the birds
of the air come and make nests in its branches.' He told them another
parable: 'The kingdom of heaven is like yeast that a woman took and
mixed in with three measures of flour until all of it was leavened.'
'The kingdom of heaven is like treasure hidden in a field, which someone
found and hid; then in his joy he goes and sells all that he has and
buys that field. 'Again, the kingdom of heaven is like a merchant in
search of fine pearls; on finding one pearl of great value, he went and
sold all that he had and bought it. 'Again, the kingdom of heaven is
like a net that was thrown into the sea and caught fish of every kind;
when it was full, they drew it ashore, sat down, and put the good into
baskets but threw out the bad. So it will be at the end of the age. The
angels will come out and separate the evil from the righteous and throw
them into the furnace of fire, where there will be weeping and gnashing
of teeth. 'Have you understood all this?' They answered, 'Yes.' And he
said to them, 'Therefore every scribe who has been trained for the
kingdom of heaven is like the master of a household who brings out of
his treasure what is new and what is old.'

***Could you pass this sheet on to someone else who might like to see
it?***

