**SECOND SUNDAY IN LENT Hymns NEH 72, 68, 313, 74**

**FIRST READING Genesis 12.1-4a** Now the Lord said to Abram, 'Go from
your country and your kindred and your father's house to the land that I
will show you. I will make of you a great nation, and I will bless you,
and make your name great, so that you will be a blessing. I will bless
those who bless you, and the one who curses you I will curse; and in you
all the families of the earth shall be blessed.' So Abram went, as the
Lord had told him; and Lot went with him.

**RESPONSORIAL PSALM 121 R: Our help is from the Lord, who made heaven
and earth.**\
I lift up my eyes toward the mountains; whence shall help come to me?\
My help is from the LORD, who made heaven and earth. **R**\
May he not suffer your foot to slip; may he slumber not who guards you:\
indeed he neither slumbers nor sleeps, the guardian of Israel. **R**\
The LORD is your guardian; the LORD is your shade; he is beside you at
your right hand.\
The sun shall not harm you by day, nor the moon by night. **R**\
The LORD will guard you from all evil; he will guard your life.\
The LORD will guard your coming and your going, both now and forever.
**R**

**SECOND READING Romans 4.1-5,13-17** What then are we to say was gained
by Abraham, our ancestor according to the flesh? For if Abraham was
justified by works, he has something to boast about, but not before God.
For what does the scripture say? 'Abraham believed God, and it was
reckoned to him as righteousness.' Now to one who works, wages are not
reckoned as a gift but as something due. But to one who without works
trusts him who justifies the ungodly, such faith is reckoned as
righteousness. For the promise that he would inherit the world did not
come to Abraham or to his descendants through the law but through the
righteousness of faith. If it is the adherents of the law who are to be
the heirs, faith is null and the promise is void. For the law brings
wrath; but where there is no law, neither is there violation. For this
reason it depends on faith, in order that the promise may rest on grace
and be guaranteed to all his descendants, not only to the adherents of
the law but also to those who share the faith of Abraham (for he is the
father of all of us, as it is written, 'I have made you the father of
many nations')---in the presence of the God in whom he believed, who
gives life to the dead and calls into existence the things that do not
exist.

**GOSPEL John 3.1-17** Now there was a Pharisee named Nicodemus, a
leader of the Jews. He came to Jesus by night and said to him, 'Rabbi,
we know that you are a teacher who has come from God; for no one can do
these signs that you do apart from the presence of God.' Jesus answered
him, 'Very truly, I tell you, no one can see the kingdom of God without
being born from above.' Nicodemus said to him, 'How can anyone be born
after having grown old? Can one enter a second time into the mother's
womb and be born?' Jesus answered, 'Very truly, I tell you, no one can
enter the kingdom of God without being born of water and Spirit. What is
born of the flesh is flesh, and what is born of the Spirit is spirit. Do
not be astonished that I said to you, "You must be born from above." The
wind blows where it chooses, and you hear the sound of it, but you do
not know where it comes from or where it goes. So it is with everyone
who is born of the Spirit.' Nicodemus said to him, 'How can these things
be?' Jesus answered him, 'Are you a teacher of Israel, and yet you do
not understand these things? Very truly, I tell you, we speak of what we
know and testify to what we have seen; yet you do not receive our
testimony. If I have told you about earthly things and you do not
believe, how can you believe if I tell you about heavenly things? No one
has ascended into heaven except the one who descended from heaven, the
Son of Man. And just as Moses lifted up the serpent in the wilderness,
so must the Son of Man be lifted up, that whoever believes in him may
have eternal life. For God so loved the world that he gave his only Son,
so that everyone who believes in him may not perish but may have eternal
life. Indeed, God did not send the Son into the world to condemn the
world, but in order that the world might be saved through him.\'

***Could you pass on this sheet to someone else who might like to see
it?***

***ST MICHAEL\'S NEWS***

**A very warm welcome** to any new readers, and to visitors and
newcomers to St Michael\'s. A special welcome to Fr Paul, our celebrant
this morning, who will also kindly be celebrating Mass for us on
Thursday at 10.30 am. If you are new to St Michael\'s, do join us for
tea or coffee in the Vestry Hall after the service, so that we can
welcome you properly.

**Thank you to everyone** who gardened, cleaned, cooked, organised, and
led the music last Sunday. Of our delicious after-Mass lunch, Bishop
Norman remarked, "This is better than a lot of Confirmation lunches
I\'ve been to!" - and he was warm in his commendation of our choral
music. He, too, has been thanked for his encouragement to St Michael\'s
at this challenging time.

**Our Parish Quiet Day,** which Fr Derek is kindly accompanying, takes
place at The Friars on March 25th , 9.30 am -- 3.30 pm. A precious
Lenten opportunity to spend time with our Lord, and to seek the prayers
and inspiration of our blessed Lady on the Feast of the Annunciation -
remembering with thanksgiving her response to the angel\'s message: "Be
it unto me according to thy word." Likely cost, about £12 per person.
Eleanor is at present finalising the list -- please check that you are
on it! And could you give anyone a lift?

**Furniture?** Mick, who has recently joined our congregation,
specialises in mending and making furniture. Through a woodwork club, he
will shortly have the use of power tools that will enable him to tackle
more ambitious projects than previously. He also recycles pallets into
colourful garden furniture and would be glad to hear from possible
customers.

**The Mothers\' Union Spring/Easter catalogue** can be found in the
children\'s corner, together with some order forms -- or order through
Daphne (01622 686463). Do have a look - MU cards, particularly, are good
value, and there are some attractive Coronation and commemorative items.
Proceeds from sales go to the work of the MU, "stopping violence,
stopping poverty, stopping injustice" in so many places in the world
where families face appalling challenges.

**Diocesan Synod** meets in Canterbury on March 11th. The morning
session is open to anyone interested, and will focus on the church\'s
mission to children and young people. Details from Eleanor, who can
offer a lift to anyone who would like to go.

**Contact with local schools** is always a privilege and a pleasure. We
have had a most appreciative message from West Borough School, whose
postponed concert we hosted in January, and we look forward to welcoming
Jubilee School and the St Michael\'s Schools, who hold their pre-Easter
services later this month. Oakwood Park Grammar School hopes to send us
a team of volunteer gardeners in May.

**From Our Tower:**

**Kent County Association: Maidstone, Kent, St Michael and All Angels**

Sunday, 12 February 2023 in 39m (6--1--24 in C)

**1260** **Plain Bob Minor**

1Mark Elvers

2Charlotte Elvers

3Kath White

4Terry Barnard

5Cathy Cheeseman

6Neil Jones (C)

1st of minor inside: 2.

Remembering Mike Thresh (11/2/2015), R.I.P..

**PCC,** **March 15^th:^** Please speak to a member if you would like
something included in the Agenda.

**Readers\' list for March** *(Thank you, readers, for your valued
contribution to our worship -- if unable to read on the day listed,
please try to arrange a swap with another reader)*

12th March OT and Psalm Catherine Garland, NT Katja Svarts

19th March OT and Psalm Alison Heywood, NT Ralph Baldock

26th March OT and Psalm Eta/Zangi, NT Margaret Gatehouse

**Mothering Sunday (March 19th) -- extra posy-makers needed!** Jessica
is very kindly making some posies, but as she no longer has a garden,
extras will be most welcome. Are there 3 or 4 people who could each
produce 6? Nothing expensive or elaborate -- just what you can put
together from your garden and bring to church on the day? Also, might
you (in early April) have greenery or garden flowers that would be
helpful for our **Easter decorating**?
