**TRINITY 14 Hymns 346, 439, 282, 449**

**FIRST READING Exodus 12.1-14 The [Lord]{.smallcaps} said to Moses and
Aaron in the land of Egypt: This month shall mark for you the beginning
of months; it shall be the first month of the year for you. Tell the
whole congregation of Israel that on the tenth of this month they are to
take a lamb for each family, a lamb for each household. If a household
is too small for a whole lamb, it shall join its closest neighbour in
obtaining one; the lamb shall be divided in proportion to the number of
people who eat of it. Your lamb shall be without blemish, a year-old
male; you may take it from the sheep or from the goats. You shall keep
it until the fourteenth day of this month; then the whole assembled
congregation of Israel shall slaughter it at twilight. They shall take
some of the blood and put it on the two doorposts and the lintel of the
houses in which they eat it. They shall eat the lamb that same night;
they shall eat it roasted over the fire with unleavened bread and bitter
herbs. Do not eat any of it raw or boiled in water, but roasted over the
fire, with its head, legs, and inner organs. You shall let none of it
remain until the morning; anything that remains until the morning you
shall burn. This is how you shall eat it: your loins girded, your
sandals on your feet, and your staff in your hand; and you shall eat it
hurriedly. It is the passover of the [Lord]{.smallcaps}. For I will pass
through the land of Egypt that night, and I will strike down every
firstborn in the land of Egypt, both human beings and animals; on all
the gods of Egypt I will execute judgements: I am
the [Lord]{.smallcaps}. The blood shall be a sign for you on the houses
where you live: when I see the blood, I will pass over you, and no
plague shall destroy you when I strike the land of Egypt.**

This day shall be a day of remembrance for you. You shall celebrate it
as a festival to the [Lord]{.smallcaps}; throughout your generations you
shall observe it as a perpetual ordinance.

**RESPONSORIAL PSALM 149. Response: Sound praises to the Lord, all the
earth.**

Alleluia. O sing to the Lord a new song; sing his praise in the
congregation of the faithful.

Let Israel rejoice in their maker; let the children of Zion be joyful in
their king. **R.**

Let them praise his name in the dance; let them sing praise to him with
timbrel and lyre.

For the Lord has pleasure in his people and adorns the poor with
salvation. **R.**

Let the faithful be joyful in glory; let them rejoice in their ranks,

With the praises of God in their mouths, and a two-edged sword in their
hands. **R.**

**SECOND READING Romans 13.8-14** Owe no one anything, except to love
one another; for the one who loves another has fulfilled the law. The
commandments, 'You shall not commit adultery; You shall not murder; You
shall not steal; You shall not covet'; and any other commandment, are
summed up in this word, 'Love your neighbour as yourself.' Love does no
wrong to a neighbour; therefore, love is the fulfilling of the law.
Besides this, you know what time it is, how it is now the moment for you
to wake from sleep. For salvation is nearer to us now than when we
became believers; the night is far gone, the day is near. Let us then
lay aside the works of darkness and put on the armour of light; let us
live honourably as in the day, not in revelling and drunkenness, not in
debauchery and licentiousness, not in quarrelling and jealousy. Instead,
put on the Lord Jesus Christ, and make no provision for the flesh, to
gratify its desires.

**GOSPEL Matthew 18.15-20** 'If another member of the church sins
against you, go and point out the fault when the two of you are alone.
If the member listens to you, you have regained that one. But if you are
not listened to, take one or two others along with you, so that every
word may be confirmed by the evidence of two or three witnesses. If the
member refuses to listen to them, tell it to the church; and if the
offender refuses to listen even to the church, let such a one be to you
as a Gentile and a tax-collector. Truly I tell you, whatever you bind on
earth will be bound in heaven, and whatever you loose on earth will be
loosed in heaven. Again, truly I tell you, if two of you agree on earth
about anything you ask, it will be done for you by my Father in heaven.
For where two or three are gathered in my name, I am there among them.'

***\
NEWS FROM ST MICHAEL\'S***

***A very warm welcome*** to any new readers, and to visitors and
newcomers to St Michael\'s. A special welcome and thanks to Fr Paul
Matthias, our celebrant this morning, who will also kindly be saying
Mass for us on **Thursday at 10.30 am.** If you are new to St
Michael\'s, do join us in the Vestry Hall after the service, so that we
can welcome you properly.

**Thank you to everyone** who contributed time, effort, imagination and
cake to our Heritage Open Day!Particular thanks to Alison for taking
charge of the refreshments, to Sue for her lovely flower arrangements,
to Gareth for the wonderful organ music, to Sara for the children\'s
craft activity and to Martyn and Paul for dealing with unwieldy banners
and bunting. The amazing Catherine cycled around 20 churches in
blistering heat and has raised almost £400 in sponsor money, which will
be divided between the Friends of Kent Churches and St Michael\'s. Other
Riders and Striders from far and wide were signed in by Fr Paul and by
Mike and Mary. Meanwhile, friends and pupils of the Wendy House had a
lively time bouncing on a bouncy castle, having tea with a princess and
enjoying other attractions organised by Wendy and her helpers. Well
done, everybody!

**St Michael\'s is proud of its Tower** and its network of dedicated
ringers. In addition to the regular practices and various quarter-peals,
three peals are planned for the remaining months of 2023:

**Monday October 30th** in memory of Tom and Tony (time to be confirmed)
3hrs\
**Thursday December 28th** 11:15 to 2:15 1/2 muffled for the Innocents 3
hrs\
**Sunday December 31st** (time to be confirmed)1/2 muffled 3 hrs, for
the Repose of the Souls of the Faithful Departed.

**Kent County Association** [Maidstone,
Kent](https://dove.cccbr.org.uk/tower/12644#_blank) **St Michael and All
Angels**

Sunday, 3 September 2023 (6--1--24 in C)

**1280** **Yorkshire Surprise Major**

1. Janice Byrne
2. Michael A Birkbeck
3. Jacqueline M Barlow
4. Rupert Cheeseman
5. Paul A Barton
6. Mark Elvers
7. Pam Thomas
8. Philip Jarvis (C)

A 60th Birthday Compliment to Scott Hyams (1/9)

Rung on the Saint\'s Day of Gregory the Great, Bishop of Rome, Teacher
of the Faith, 604.

**A chance to support the Royal National Lifeboat Institution: there\'s
a box in the narthex for used stamps!** Please don\'t try to detach them
from the envelopes -- about an inch of envelope all round the stamp is
good if you can manage it.

**Michaelmas Lunch!** An opportunity to get together and celebrate our
patronal festival over a shared meal **after Mass on Sunday, October
1st.** Can **you** be an angel and start to think about some item of
food you would like to bring? A list will appear shortly - or have a
word with Alison.

**Other Michaelmas treats** are planned by other Resolution parishes in
this diocese - all visitors welcome:

**St Michael\'s, Harbledown -- Solemn Mass on 29th September** at 7
pm, followed by a buffet reception

**Holy Trinity, Ramsgate - Songs of Praise on 30th September** at 3
pm.

**A session of our Garden Working Party** takes place on Saturday 23^rd^
September from 9.30 am, the plan being to trim our hedge. **All helpers
will be really welcome** -- please see Martyn for further information.

**Our pre-Christmas Fair is planned for December 2nd** and Sara is
very kindly taking charge. For work reasons she can\'t always be here on
a Sunday, but will greatly welcome money-making ideas and offers of help
if you phone her on **07837 919761.** Let\'s make this another really
good St Michael\'s team effort.

**Great news for families with primary age boys: after a long break,
there will once more be Cubs and Beavers in our Vestry Hall.** In
addition, there will now be **Squirrels** -- for boys not yet old enough
for the Beaver colony. To learn more, come along to the opening night --
Monday, 18th September. Further information from Ralph.

**PCC meets on 20th September in the Vestry Hall at 7.30 pm.** If
there is anything you would like discussed, please speak to a member so
that it can be included in the Agenda.

***Could you pass this sheet on to someone else who might like to see
it?***
