**5th SUNDAY AFTER TRINITY Hymns 346, 355, 294, 342**

**FIRST READING Genesis 24.** So he said, 'I am Abraham's servant.
The Lord has greatly blessed my master, and he has become wealthy; he
has given him flocks and herds, silver and gold, male and female slaves,
camels and donkeys. And Sarah my master's wife bore a son to my master
when she was old; and he has given him all that he has. My master made
me swear, saying, "You shall not take a wife for my son from the
daughters of the Canaanites, in whose land I live; but you shall go to
my father's house, to my kindred, and get a wife for my son." 'I came
today to the spring, and said, "O [Lord]{.smallcaps}, the God of my
master Abraham, if now you will only make successful the way I am going!
I am standing here by the spring of water; let the young woman who comes
out to draw, to whom I shall say, 'Please give me a little water from
your jar to drink,' and who will say to me, 'Drink, and I will draw for
your camels also'---let her be the woman whom the [Lord]{.smallcaps} has
appointed for my master's son."'Before I had finished speaking in my
heart, there was Rebekah coming out with her water-jar on her shoulder;
and she went down to the spring, and drew. I said to her, "Please let me
drink." She quickly let down her jar from her shoulder, and said,
"Drink, and I will also water your camels." So I drank, and she also
watered the camels. Then I asked her, "Whose daughter are you?" She
said, "The daughter of Bethuel, Nahor's son, whom Milcah bore to him."
So I put the ring on her nose, and the bracelets on her arms. Then I
bowed my head and worshipped the [Lord]{.smallcaps}, and blessed the
[Lord]{.smallcaps}, the God of my master Abraham, who had led me by the
right way to obtain the daughter of my master's kinsman for his son. Now
then, if you will deal loyally and truly with my master, tell me; and if
not, tell me, so that I may turn either to the right hand or to the
left.' And they called Rebekah, and said to her, 'Will you go with this
man?' She said, 'I will.' So they sent away their sister Rebekah and her
nurse along with Abraham's servant and his men. And they blessed Rebekah
and said to her,\
'May you, our sister, become thousands of myriads;\
may your offspring gain possession of the gates of their foes.'\
Then Rebekah and her maids rose up, mounted the camels, and followed the
man; thus the servant took Rebekah, and went his way. Now Isaac had come
from Beer-lahai-roi, and was settled in the Negeb. 63Isaac went out in
the evening to walk in the field; and looking up, he saw camels coming.
And Rebekah looked up, and when she saw Isaac, she slipped quickly from
the camel, and said to the servant, 'Who is the man over there, walking
in the field to meet us?' The servant said, 'It is my master.' So she
took her veil and covered herself. And the servant told Isaac all the
things that he had done. Then Isaac brought her into his mother Sarah's
tent. He took Rebekah, and she became his wife; and he loved her. So
Isaac was comforted after his mother's death.

**Responsorial Psalm 45 -- Response: Listen, O daughter, give ear to my
words**

Listen, O daughter; pay heed and give ear: forget your own people and
your fatherʼs house.

So will the king desire your beauty. He is your LORD, pay homage to him.
**R**

And the daughter of Tyre shall come with gifts; the richest of the
people shall seek your favor.

The daughter of the king is clothed with splendor; her robes are
threaded with gold. **R**

In fine clothing she is led to the king; behind her are her maiden
companions, brought to you.

They are escorted amid gladness and joy; they pass within the palace of
the king. **R**

Sons will be yours to succeed your fathers; you will make them rulers
over all the earth.

I will make your name forever remembered. Thus the peoples will praise
you from age to age. **R**

**SECOND READING Romans 7.15-25** I do not understand my own actions.
For I do not do what I want, but I do the very thing I hate. Now if I do
what I do not want, I agree that the law is good. But in fact it is no
longer I that do it, but sin that dwells within me. For I know that
nothing good dwells within me, that is, in my flesh. I can will what is
right, but I cannot do it. For I do not do the good I want, but the evil
I do not want is what I do. Now if I do what I do not want, it is no
longer I that do it, but sin that dwells within me. So I find it to be a
law that when I want to do what is good, evil lies close at hand. For I
delight in the law of God in my inmost self, but I see in my members
another law at war with the law of my mind, making me captive to the law
of sin that dwells in my members. Wretched man that I am! Who will
rescue me from this body of death? Thanks be to God through Jesus Christ
our Lord!

**GOSPEL Matthew 11.16-19,25-30** 'But to what will I compare this
generation? It is like children sitting in the market-places and calling
to one another, "We played the flute for you, and you did not dance; we
wailed, and you did not mourn." For John came neither eating nor
drinking, and they say, "He has a demon"; the Son of Man came eating and
drinking, and they say, "Look, a glutton and a drunkard, a friend of
tax-collectors and sinners!" Yet wisdom is vindicated by her deeds.' At
that time Jesus said, 'I thank you, Father, Lord of heaven and earth,
because you have hidden these things from the wise and the intelligent
and have revealed them to infants; yes, Father, for such was your
gracious will. All things have been handed over to me by my Father; and
no one knows the Son except the Father, and no one knows the Father
except the Son and anyone to whom the Son chooses to reveal him. 'Come
to me, all you that are weary and are carrying heavy burdens, and I will
give you rest. Take my yoke upon you, and learn from me; for I am gentle
and humble in heart, and you will find rest for your souls. For my yoke
is easy, and my burden is light.'

*NEWS FROM ST MICHAEL\'S*

*A very warm welcome* to any new readers, and to visitors and newcomers
to St Michael\'s. A special welcome and thanks to Fr Paul, our celebrant
this morning, who will also kindly be saying Mass for us on **Thursday
at 10.30 am.** If you are new to St Michael\'s, do join us in the Vestry
Hall after the service, so that we can welcome you properly.

**Jubilee School are holding their end-of-year service in our church on
Tuesday, 11th July. Can we all please gather up books and pile up
kneelers after Mass so that the pews are clear for the visitors?**

**A diary date for next month -- Richborough Festival at St Albans.**
Join this annual day of fellowship and celebration on **Saturday 5th
August 2023,** with Mass in the Cathedral at noon and then bring your
own picnic for lunch in Bishop Norman\'s garden**.**

**In further Richborough news...**

**Bishop Norman will lead a pilgrimage to the Shrine of Our Lady of
Walsingham from Friday 8th -- Sunday 10th September 2023.**To book,
please contact the Shrine accommodation office on 01328 820239,
indicating when you book that this is for the Richborough Family
Pilgrimage. If you couldn\'t join this August\'s pilgrimage, here\'s a
fresh opportunity!

Or, further afield....

**Bishop Norman and Canon Adrian Ling are planning a pilgrimage to the
Holy Land from 13th to 22nd November 2024. Further details on
<https://richborough.org.uk/forthcoming-events/pilgrimage-to-the-holy-land/>.
Please note that the 2023 pilgrimage booked up very quickly, and it
would be wise to book, and start budgeting, now. Bishop Norman is an
inspiring pilgrimage leader and you can expect a wonderful experience.**

**Confirmation?** If you have not yet been confirmed, or if you have a
local godchild who ought to be thinking about Confirmation, Fr Paul will
be happy to hear from you. We hope that Bishop Norman may be able to fit
in a visit to St Michael\'s before he retires, and a Confirmation would
make the occasion extra-special for everyone. At Synod last week, the
Bishop of Dover described a recent Confirmation in a rural benefice
where a significant number of candidates had come forward because "they
were looking for something more." Do you fall into that category, or do
you know someone who might?

**On Saturday, 15th July, between 11 am and 2.30 pm,** a formal event,
attended by the Mayor and organised by Fant Wildlife Group, will
celebrate the fact that **Fant Wildlife Area** has achieved the
prestigious status of Statutory Local Nature Reserve. Those of us who
live locally will want to congratulate those responsible for this very
pleasing development, as the Wildlife Area is a valuable resource for
local residents as well as a precious piece of habitat.

**An opportunity for this autumn?** Canterbury Diocese is running an
eight-session **"Deepening Discipleship" course** which will take place
on **Wednesday evenings via Zoom,** beginning on 27th September --
thus participants will not be faced with cold and tiring journeys in the
evenings. This course encourages participants to reflect on, and
develop, their Christian life, and it also provides a starting-point for
anyone who is exploring the possibility of undertaking lay ministry.
Applications close on September 13th. Visit [Deepening Discipleship -
Diocese of Canterbury
(canterburydiocese.org)](https://www.canterburydiocese.org/our-life/spirituality-discipleship/explore-discipleship/deepening-discipleship/deepening-discipleship#_blank)
for further information and an application form. (Could God be calling
**you** to serve St Michael\'s as a lay minister?)

**The PCC is eager to improve the state of our Halls.** By way of a
first step, surfaces in the Vestry Hall will be washed down and made
good in preparation for re-painting, beginning at 9 am on **Friday
28th and Saturday 29th July.** **If you could give some help on
either or both of those days (even just for an hour or two), please
speak to Martyn or Paul.**

**"Creativity Unwrapped" is the theme for this year\'s Heritage Open
Day,** which takes place on **September 9th.** As usual, this Day will
coincide with Ride and Stride, the splendid sponsored walking and
cycling event that takes place each year in aid of the Friends of Kent
Churches, in which Catherine has already volunteered to be a Rider. This
is an occasion on which we can welcome interested visitors into our
Grade 2 Listed church. Have you any creative ideas, and can you offer
help on the day? And can you put some money aside to sponsor Catherine?

***Could you pass on this sheet to someone else who might like to see
it?***
