**LAST SUNDAY AFTER TRINITY Hymns 486, 381, 273, 476**

**FIRST READING Deuteronomy 34.1-12**

Then Moses went up from the plains of Moab to Mount Nebo, to the top of
Pisgah, which is opposite Jericho, and the [Lord]{.smallcaps} showed him
the whole land: Gilead as far as Dan, all Naphtali, the land of Ephraim
and Manasseh, all the land of Judah as far as the Western Sea, the
Negeb, and the Plain---that is, the valley of Jericho, the city of palm
trees---as far as Zoar. The [Lord]{.smallcaps} said to him, 'This is the
land of which I swore to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob, saying, "I
will give it to your descendants"; I have let you see it with your eyes,
but you shall not cross over there.' Then Moses, the servant of
the [Lord]{.smallcaps}, died there in the land of Moab, at
the [Lord]{.smallcaps}'s command. He was buried in a valley in the land
of Moab, opposite Beth-peor, but no one knows his burial place to this
day. Moses was one hundred and twenty years old when he died; his sight
was unimpaired and his vigour had not abated. The Israelites wept for
Moses in the plains of Moab for thirty days; then the period of mourning
for Moses was ended.

Joshua son of Nun was full of the spirit of wisdom, because Moses had
laid his hands on him; and the Israelites obeyed him, doing as
the [Lord]{.smallcaps} had commanded Moses.

Never since has there arisen a prophet in Israel like Moses, whom
the [Lord]{.smallcaps} knew face to face. He was unequalled for all the
signs and wonders that the [Lord]{.smallcaps} sent him to perform in the
land of Egypt, against Pharaoh and all his servants and his entire
land, and for all the mighty deeds and all the terrifying displays of
power that Moses performed in the sight of all Israel.

**RESPONSORIAL PSALM 90 *Response: O Lord my God, in you I take
refuge.***

**Lord, you have been our refuge **from one generation to another.

Before the mountains were brought forth, or the earth and the world were
formed,

from everlasting to everlasting you are God. ***R***

You turn us back to dust and say:'Turn back, O children of earth.'

For a thousand years in your sight are but as yesterday, which passes
like a watch in the night. ***R***

You sweep them away like a dream; they fade away suddenly like the
grass.

In the morning it is green and flourishes; in the evening it is dried up
and withered. ***R***

**SECOND READING 1 Thessalonians 2.1--8**

You yourselves know, brothers and sisters, that our coming to you was
not in vain, but though we had already suffered and been shamefully
mistreated at Philippi, as you know, we had courage in our God to
declare to you the gospel of God in spite of great opposition. For our
appeal does not spring from deceit or impure motives or trickery, but
just as we have been approved by God to be entrusted with the message of
the gospel, even so we speak, not to please mortals, but to please God
who tests our hearts. As you know and as God is our witness, we never
came with words of flattery or with a pretext for greed; nor did we seek
praise from mortals, whether from you or from others, though we might
have made demands as apostles of Christ. But we were gentle among you,
like a nurse tenderly caring for her own children. So deeply do we care
for you that we are determined to share with you not only the gospel of
God but also our own selves, because you have become very dear to us.

 **GOSPEL Matthew 22.34--46**

When the Pharisees heard that he had silenced the Sadducees, they
gathered together, and one of them, a lawyer, asked him a question to
test him. 'Teacher, which commandment in the law is the greatest?'

He said to him, '"You shall love the Lord your God with all your heart,
and with all your soul, and with all your mind." This is the greatest
and first commandment. And a second is like it: "You shall love your
neighbour as yourself." On these two commandments hang all the law and
the prophets.'

Now while the Pharisees were gathered together, Jesus asked them this
question:'What do you think of the Messiah? Whose son is he?'

They said to him,'The son of David.'

He said to them,

'How is it then that David by the Spirit calls him Lord, saying,

"The Lord said to my Lord,

'Sit at my right hand, until I put your enemies under your feet'"?

If David thus calls him Lord, how can he be his son?' No one was able to
give him an answer, nor from that day did anyone dare to ask him any
more questions.

***NEWS FROM ST MICHAEL\'S***

***A very warm welcome*** to any new readers, and to visitors and
newcomers to St Michael\'s. A special welcome and thanks to Fr Paul
Matthias, our celebrant this morning, who will also kindly be saying
Mass for us on **Thursday (All Souls\' Day) at 10.30 am.** If you are
new to St Michael\'s, do join us in the Vestry Hall after the service,
so that we can welcome you properly.

**All Souls\' Day:** If you would like to have a loved one mentioned by
name in our commemoration of All Souls on Thursday, please write his or
her name on the sheet which you will find at the back of church. And
please, if you are available that morning, come to Mass to remember your
loved ones.

**Pamela Waite** will be remembered by a number of past and present
members of St Michael\'s - some who knew her in her years as Girls\'
Friendly Society leader, and others who remember her as our Treasurer.
More recently she was a resident of Abbeyrose, and then of Abbot\'s
Leigh care home, Staplehurst. Pam died on 21st October, aged 93.
Deeply devoted to the Blessed Sacrament, she also had a highly
professional grasp of the church finances, and both these aspects of her
life of faith were much appreciated by her fellow-parishioners. Her
funeral will take place in church on 9th November at 10.30 am. May she
rest in peace, and rise in glory.

**Choral Evensong** takes place in church **today** at 5 pm. A lovely,
prayerful, musical way to round off a Sunday! - do come, and invite your
friends. **Thank you** in advance to Gareth for arranging it, to Fr Paul
for officiating, to our guest organist and singers, and to all
"regulars" for their support.

**Thank you** to Martyn, William and Paul for the various maintenance
jobs they have managed to complete in the church halls during half-term,
and also to the Garden Working Party for what they accomplished in the
church grounds. **Thank you,** too, to Sue, for creating a compact and
practical "coffee-box" so that refreshments can be provided more easily
for the Thursday morning congregation.

**A Vigil for Peace in the Middle East** takes place on the evening of
Monday, 30th October, from 6.30 pm (after Choral Evensong) to 7 pm, at
Canterbury Cathedral. Participants are invited to bring battery-operated
candles. This is a non-political event; please, no political slogans or
symbols in the precincts.

**The Parochial Church Council** meets on **November 8th at 7.30 pm**
in the Vestry Hall. If you would like an item included in the Agenda,
please speak to Jonathan **today.**

**NB The Deanery Roadshow last week** focused on mission in a way that
will be a healthy challenge to us all**.** The PCC will be discussing
some of the matters that emerged; prepare to hear more!

**Our pre-Christmas Fair is nearer than we think!** Please look out for
things that would make good Tombola prizes, and think about home-made
items such as cakes and jams (please attach a list of ingredients). Or
provide something crafty, or Christmassy, or nice for the garden! If you
are willing to run a stall or come and help, don\'t leave Sara to wonder
-- please let her know! If she has to miss Mass for work reasons, Sara
can be reached, with any offers or questions, on **07837 919761.**

**From Our Tower - Kent County Association,** [**Maidstone**,
**Kent**](https://dove.cccbr.org.uk/tower/12644#_blank)**: St Michael
and All Angels**

Sunday, 22 October 2023 in 44m (6--1--24 in C)

**1320** **Plain Bob Minor**

1. Jacqueline Barlow
2. Charlotte Elvers
3. Barry Evans
4. Mark Elvers
5. Ray Taylor
6. Neil Jones (C)

An 11th birthday compliment to Charlotte Elvers. Rung on the Saint\'s
Day of Pope John Paul II.

**Readers\' List for November**

Warmest thanks to all our readers! If unable to read on the day listed,
please try to arrange a swap with another reader.

**Sunday 5th November (All Saints)** Revelation Paul Jones, NT Katja
Svarts

**Sunday 12th November (Remembrance Sunday)** OT Mike Trout, NT
William Danes-Volkov

**Sunday 19th November** OT Catherine Garland, NT Margaret Gatehouse

**Sunday 26th November** (Christ the King) OT Team Kwalombota, NT
Ralph Baldock

**For your prayers:** Among the sick we pray for Paul (in hospital) and
for Margaret, Ellie, Pauline, Rue, Fr Leon, Antony, Fran, Ellie,
TomJoseph, Pamela, Valerie, Peter, Joan, Gay, Margaret, Lindsay, Glynis,
Ethan, Sarah and Yvonne.

Among the departed: Pamela Waite, Jeremy Plummer, Rachel Herriott,
Dorothy Pye. John Meredith, Freddie Brown, Malcolm Stanley, Marjorie
Mason, Ann Giles.

***Could you pass on this sheet to someone else who might like to see
it?***
