
*A very warm welcome* to any new readers, and to visitors and newcomers
to St Michael\'s. A special welcome and thanks to Fr Paul, our celebrant
this morning, who will also kindly be saying Mass for us on **Thursday
at 10.30 am.** If you are new to St Michael\'s, do join us in the Vestry
Hall after the service, so that we can welcome you properly.

**Jubilee School are holding their end-of-year service in our church on
Tuesday, 11th July. Can we all please gather up books and pile up
kneelers after Mass so that the pews are clear for the visitors?**

**A diary date for next month -- Richborough Festival at St Albans.**
Join this annual day of fellowship and celebration on **Saturday 5th
August 2023,** with Mass in the Cathedral at noon and then bring your
own picnic for lunch in Bishop Norman\'s garden**.**

**In further Richborough news...**

**Bishop Norman will lead a pilgrimage to the Shrine of Our Lady of
Walsingham from Friday 8th -- Sunday 10th September 2023.**To book,
please contact the Shrine accommodation office on 01328 820239,
indicating when you book that this is for the Richborough Family
Pilgrimage. If you couldn\'t join this August\'s pilgrimage, here\'s a
fresh opportunity!

Or, further afield....

**Bishop Norman and Canon Adrian Ling are planning a pilgrimage to the
Holy Land from 13th to 22nd November 2024. Further details on
<https://richborough.org.uk/forthcoming-events/pilgrimage-to-the-holy-land/>.
Please note that the 2023 pilgrimage booked up very quickly, and it
would be wise to book, and start budgeting, now. Bishop Norman is an
inspiring pilgrimage leader and you can expect a wonderful experience.**

**Confirmation?** If you have not yet been confirmed, or if you have a
local godchild who ought to be thinking about Confirmation, Fr Paul will
be happy to hear from you. We hope that Bishop Norman may be able to fit
in a visit to St Michael\'s before he retires, and a Confirmation would
make the occasion extra-special for everyone. At Synod last week, the
Bishop of Dover described a recent Confirmation in a rural benefice
where a significant number of candidates had come forward because "they
were looking for something more." Do you fall into that category, or do
you know someone who might?

**On Saturday, 15th July, between 11 am and 2.30 pm,** a formal event,
attended by the Mayor and organised by Fant Wildlife Group, will
celebrate the fact that **Fant Wildlife Area** has achieved the
prestigious status of Statutory Local Nature Reserve. Those of us who
live locally will want to congratulate those responsible for this very
pleasing development, as the Wildlife Area is a valuable resource for
local residents as well as a precious piece of habitat.

**An opportunity for this autumn?** Canterbury Diocese is running an
eight-session **"Deepening Discipleship" course** which will take place
on **Wednesday evenings via Zoom,** beginning on 27th September --
thus participants will not be faced with cold and tiring journeys in the
evenings. This course encourages participants to reflect on, and
develop, their Christian life, and it also provides a starting-point for
anyone who is exploring the possibility of undertaking lay ministry.
Applications close on September 13th. Visit [Deepening Discipleship -
Diocese of Canterbury
(canterburydiocese.org)](https://www.canterburydiocese.org/our-life/spirituality-discipleship/explore-discipleship/deepening-discipleship/deepening-discipleship#_blank)
for further information and an application form. (Could God be calling
**you** to serve St Michael\'s as a lay minister?)

**The PCC is eager to improve the state of our Halls.** By way of a
first step, surfaces in the Vestry Hall will be washed down and made
good in preparation for re-painting, beginning at 9 am on **Friday
28th and Saturday 29th July.** **If you could give some help on
either or both of those days (even just for an hour or two), please
speak to Martyn or Paul.**

**"Creativity Unwrapped" is the theme for this year\'s Heritage Open
Day,** which takes place on **September 9th.** As usual, this Day will
coincide with Ride and Stride, the splendid sponsored walking and
cycling event that takes place each year in aid of the Friends of Kent
Churches, in which Catherine has already volunteered to be a Rider. This
is an occasion on which we can welcome interested visitors into our
Grade 2 Listed church. Have you any creative ideas, and can you offer
help on the day? And can you put some money aside to sponsor Catherine?

***Could you pass on this sheet to someone else who might like to see
it?***
