
***A very warm welcome*** to any new readers, and to visitors and
newcomers to St Michael\'s. A special welcome and thanks to Fr Paul
Matthias, our celebrant this morning, who will also kindly be saying
Mass for us on **Thursday at 10.30 am -- St Matthew\'s Day.** If you are
new to St Michael\'s, do join us in the Vestry Hall today after the
service, so that we can welcome you properly.

**MICHAELMAS** is the feast on which the Church celebrates the ministry
of God\'s holy Angels, and, as our church is dedicated to St Michael and
All Angels, it\'s a very special time for us. To give everyone the best
possible chance of joining in our celebration, we are keeping Michaelmas
on **Sunday October 1st** rather than on the actual day (September
29th), and 10.30 Mass will be followed by a **buffet lunch in the
Vestry Hall.** Everyone is most welcome - do invite your friends and
family! - and there is no charge. **This of course will only work if
generous church members are ready to be angels too! There is a list at
the back of church -- please indicate what you can bring, and whether
you can help with setting-up and clearing-away.**

**NB Our sister parish of St Michael\'s, Harbledown (near Canterbury),
is keeping Michaelmas on September 29th itself, and welcomes all
visitors. Mass will be at 7pm, followed by a buffet reception. Fr Peter
and his congregation will be delighted to see supporters from
Maidstone!**

**Our Garden Working Party meets on Saturday 23^rd^ September** from
9.30 am, the plan being to trim our hedge. **All helpers will be really
welcome** -- please see Martyn for further information. There is further
scope here for anyone who can **be an angel on a Saturday morning** --
it really does something for our witness as a church if our grounds look
inviting and well cared for.

**Great news for families with primary age boys: after a long break,
there will once more be Cubs and Beavers in our Vestry Hall.** In
addition, there will now be **Squirrels** -- for boys not yet old enough
for the Beaver colony. To learn more, come along to the opening night --
Monday, 18th September, at 6pm. Further information from Ralph.

**Renewed thanks to Catherine,** who cycled round 20 churches in
blistering heat for Ride and Stride and achieved over Â£400 in
sponsorship. **Thanks also to her sponsors** - if you have still to
catch up with Catherine and give her your money, please try to catch her
today!

**Praying for sick people** is something Christians have done from the
very earliest days of the Church, and we continue to do it as a church
every time Mass is celebrated. Sometimes we need to check, in case our
Sunday prayer list may be out of date, particularly as we avoid using
surnames because of Data Protection. Please let Eleanor know of any
updates or additions; we may need to attempt a complete revision of the
list sometime soon.

**It\'s not too early to start having ideas about our pre-Christmas Fair
on December 2nd.** This is a marvellous time to make jam or chutney
(remember to stick a list of ingredients on the jar!), to look out for
possible Tombola prizes, or to produce a hand-made decoration or craft
item. Or why not try a pot-plant or some bulbs? There must be people out
there with all sorts of ideas; contact Sara in person or on **07837
919761**, and let\'s make this a piece of real St Michael\'s teamwork.

**A chance to support the Royal National Lifeboat Institution:**
there\'s a box in the narthex for used stamps! Please don\'t try to
detach them from the envelopes -- about an inch of envelope all round
the stamp is good if you can manage it.

**Lay Pastoral Ministry** sounds rather abstract -- but in fact we are
all engaged in it, whether or not we\'ve noticed. When we try to be a
Christian presence at work, or come alongside someone in trouble, or
explain to a neighbour what happens at a christening, that\'s what
we\'re doing. And sometimes we feel that a bit of training and practical
advice would help. A diocesan course is being offered in
October-November, and the closing date for enrolment is tomorrow,
September 18th. For information, visit
[**https://www.canterburydiocese.org/ministry/equipping-for-ministry/ministry-development/pastoral-assistant-training/**](https://www.canterburydiocese.org/ministry/equipping-for-ministry/ministry-development/pastoral-assistant-training/)
Could God be calling **you** to develop your own pastoral ministry at St
Michael\'s?

**From Our Tower:**

Kent County Association: [**Maidstone**,
Kent](https://dove.cccbr.org.uk/tower/12644#_blank), St Michael and All
Angels

Friday, 8 September 2023 in 42m (6--1--24 in C) **1320** **Hull Surprise
Minor**

1. Jacqueline Barlow
2. Janice Byrne
3. Emma Jarvis
4. Mark Elvers
5. Philip Jarvis
6. Stephen Coaker (c)

Rung to mark the first anniversary of the death of Queen Elizabeth II
and remembering the Nativity of the Blessed Virgin Mary. ***Could you
pass on this sheet to someone else who might like to see it?***
