
*A very warm welcome* to any new readers, and to visitors and newcomers
to St Michael\'s. A special welcome and thanks to Fr Paul, our celebrant
this morning, who will also kindly be saying Mass for us on Thursday at
10.30 am. If you are new to St Michael\'s, do join us in the Vestry Hall
after the service, so that we can welcome you properly. It\'s a
particular joy to be celebrating a double Baptism on this feast of
Pentecost -- a particularly warm welcome to Britney and Billy! Pentecost
is a time when we especially celebrate, and pray for, the activity of
the Holy Spirit in the Church and in our lives. Let\'s remember the
newly baptised, those preparing for Confirmation and Ordination, and all
who are facing decisions or seeking guidance at this time.

**Volunteers, O Volunteers!** Last week we had a welcome visit from a
group of Oakwood Park Grammar School students on their Volunteering Day.
Under the direction of Martyn, they did a number of jobs around the site
-- the kind of jobs that are so often not obvious unless they remain
undone. We have sent them a thank-you card, and also thank Martyn,
Ralph, Paul, Mike and Mary, who provided guidance, encouragement and
refreshments. Their tutor, Miss Ryan, reports that they enjoyed their
day, and we hope something similar can be arranged next year.

**Vacancy News:** Unfortunately our advertisement has not achieved the
result we hoped for. Discussion is taking place about what the next step
should be. Please keep praying!

**The Richborough Family Day on June 10th** will be one of the last
opportunities for Resolution parishes in this diocese to mark their
appreciation of Bishop Norman, who retires next Easter. In case you
missed the poster in the porch: a 12 noon sung Mass at Canterbury
Cathedral will be followed by a picnic lunch (bring your own!) in the
cloisters and a few minutes\' reflection led by the Bishop. Likely
finishing time 3.15 pm. Please let\'s make sure that St Michael\'s is
well represented. If you are going by car, could you offer someone a
lift? Would you be willing to offer help with clearing up?

**From Our Tower:**

**Kent County Association: [Maidstone,
Kent - St Michael and All
Angels](https://dove.cccbr.org.uk/tower/12644)**

**Sunday, 14 May 2023 in 41m (6--1--24 in C)**

**1296 Cambridge Surprise Minor**

1. Janice Byrne
2. Jacqueline Barlow
3. Philip Jarvis
4. Mark Elvers
5. Rupert Cheeseman
6. Neil Jones (C)

Rung on Bell Sunday and on the Feast of Matthias the Apostle.

**Sunday, 21 May 2023 in 42m (6--1--24 in C)**

**1280 Lessness Surprise Major**

1. Rona Joiner
2. Rupert Cheeseman
3. Jacqueline Barlow
4. Mark Elvers
5. Karen Lebon
6. Rod Lebon
7. Philip Jarvis
8. Neil Jones (C)

Rung on the Feast of Helena, Protector of the Holy Places, 330.

**Plans are coming together for our Strawberry Fair on July 1st, 2 pm
-- 4.30 pm!** Offers of help with serving and washing-up the teas will
be welcomed by Sara, also help with setting-up in the morning. Are you a
home baker? Can you find any tombola items, or create items for the
craft stall (particularly if they reflect the strawberry theme, but that
isn\'t essential)? Please also spread the word among your friends and
neighbours!

**Two Ukrainian ladies, a mother and her 19-year-old daughter**, are
seeking accommodation (a room or rooms) in Maidstone, and Maidstone
churches have been asked to make this known. If you think you could help
or have a suggestion, please contact Leon Mileham --
<leon@connectchurchmaidstone.org.uk>.

***Could you pass this sheet on to someone else who might like to see
it?***
