**SECOND SUNDAY IN ADVENT Hymns 1, 11, 6, 7.**

**FIRST READING Isaiah 40.1-11** Comfort, O comfort my people, says your
God. Speak tenderly to Jerusalem, and cry to her that she has served her
term, that her penalty is paid, that she has received from the Lord's
hand double for all her sins. A voice cries out: 'In the wilderness
prepare the way of the Lord, make straight in the desert a highway for
our God. Every valley shall be lifted up, and every mountain and hill be
made low; the uneven ground shall become level, and the rough places a
plain. Then the glory of the Lord shall be revealed, and all people
shall see it together, for the mouth of the Lord has spoken.' A voice
says, 'Cry out!' And I said, 'What shall I cry?' All people are grass,
their constancy is like the flower of the field. The grass withers, the
flower fades, when the breath of the Lord blows upon it; surely the
people are grass. The grass withers, the flower fades; but the word of
our God will stand for ever. Get you up to a high mountain, O Zion,
herald of good tidings; lift up your voice with strength, O Jerusalem,
herald of good tidings, lift it up, do not fear; say to the cities of
Judah, 'Here is your God!' See, the Lord God comes with might, and his
arm rules for him; his reward is with him, and his recompense before
him. He will feed his flock like a shepherd; he will gather the lambs in
his arms, and carry them in his bosom, and gently lead the mother sheep.

**RESPONSORIAL PSALM 85**

***Response: Let us see, O Lord you mercy and give us your saving
help.***

1\. I will hear what the Lord God has to say: a voice that speaks of
peace.

His help is near for those who fear him: and his glory will dwell in our
land. **R.**

2\. Mercy and faithfulness have met: justice and peace have embraced.

Faithfulness shall spring from the earth: and justice look down from
heaven. **R.**

3\. The Lord will make us prosper: and our earth shall yield its fruit.

Justice shall march before him: and peace shall follow his steps. **R.**

**SECOND READING 2 Peter 3.8-15a** But do not ignore this one fact,
beloved, that with the Lord one day is like a thousand years, and a
thousand years are like one day. The Lord is not slow about his promise,
as some think of slowness, but is patient with you, not wanting any to
perish, but all to come to repentance. But the day of the Lord will come
like a thief, and then the heavens will pass away with a loud noise, and
the elements will be dissolved with fire, and the earth and everything
that is done on it will be disclosed. Since all these things are to be
dissolved in this way, what sort of people ought you to be in leading
lives of holiness and godliness, waiting for and hastening the coming of
the day of God, because of which the heavens will be set ablaze and
dissolved, and the elements will melt with fire? But, in accordance with
his promise, we wait for new heavens and a new earth, where
righteousness is at home. Therefore, beloved, while you are waiting for
these things, strive to be found by him at peace, without spot or
blemish; and regard the patience of our Lord as salvation.

**GOSPEL Mark 1.1-8** The beginning of the good news of Jesus Christ,
the Son of God. As it is written in the prophet Isaiah, 'See, I am
sending my messenger ahead of you, who will prepare your way; the voice
of one crying out in the wilderness: "Prepare the way of the Lord, make
his paths straight"', John the baptist appeared in the wilderness,
proclaiming a baptism of repentance for the forgiveness of sins. And
people from the whole Judean countryside and all the people of Jerusalem
were going out to him, and were baptized by him in the river Jordan,
confessing their sins. Now John was clothed with camel's hair, with a
leather belt around his waist, and he ate locusts and wild honey. He
proclaimed, 'The one who is more powerful than I is coming after me; I
am not worthy to stoop down and untie the thong of his sandals. I have
baptized you with water; but he will baptize you with the Holy Spirit.'

***Could you pass this sheet on to someone else who might like to see
it?***

***NEWS FROM ST MICHAEL\'S***

A very warm welcome to any new readers, and to visitors and newcomers to
St Michael\'s. A special welcome and thanks to Fr Paul Matthias, our
celebrant this morning, who will also kindly be saying Mass for us at
10.30 am on Thursday, the feast day of St John of the Cross Everyone is
warmly invited to coffee in the Vestry Hall after Mass. If new to St
Michael\'s, do join us so that we can welcome you properly!

**Nothing to report** about our appointment process, but some
information may be available by the end of the week. Please continue to
pray. Meanwhile, many, many thanks to Fr Paul for celebrating the deeply
prayerful Mass that began the interview day, and to Sue for the amazing
feat of organisation that culminated in a magnificent lunch enjoyed by
everyone. Grateful thanks too to Sacristan Jonathan for the pre-Mass
arrangements, and to all the kind people who contributed to the success
of the lunch by setting-up, cooking, clearing away and transporting food
on behalf of those unable to be present. We have received messages of
thanks from a number of appreciative visitors, and whatever happens in
the end, we feel that St Michael\'s was seen at its best.

**School services:** During this week we shall be welcoming to our
church West Borough School for their Christmas concert and the St
Michael\'s Schools for their Christmas service. **Please, Sunday
worshippers, can you kindly help us maximise space by removing the
kneelers** and packing them into the side pews?

**Our Own Christmas Services:**

**Christmas Eve:** Mass as usual, with Holy Baptism, at 10.30 am. Crib
Service at 4.30 pm. Midnight Mass at 11.30 pm.

**Christmas Morning:** Mass at 10.30 am.

Do let your friends and neighbours know about these services. Last
Christmas, the visitors to St Michael\'s almost outnumbered the
"regulars", which shows what an opportunity this is to encourage others
to join in our worship.

**Helen Grant, MP for Maidstone and The Weald, will be holding a
Surgery** **in the Vestry Hall** on 19th December, 1.30 -- 3.30.

**From Our Tower:**

**Kent County Association, [Maidstone,
Kent](https://dove.cccbr.org.uk/tower/12644#_blank)**

St Michael and All Angels

Sunday, 3 December 2023 in 42m (6--1--24 in C)

**1312** **Spliced Surprise Major** (4m)

352 Rutland; 320 each of Cambridge, Superlative and Yorkshirel; 40 com.

1. Stuart Cox
2. Paul Barton
3. Jacqueline Barlow
4. Philip Jarvis
5. Stephen Coaker (C)
6. Mark Elvers
7. Kath White
8. Michael Birkbeck

Remembering Thomas David Barlow 5/12/96 R.I.P.

Rung on the First Sunday of Advent.

**Among the sick we pray** for Paul\'s continued progress, and for
Margaret, Ellie, Pauline, Rue, Fr Leon, Antony, Fran, Ellie, Tom,
Joseph, Pamela, Valerie, Peter, Joan, Margaret, Lindsay, Glynis, Ethan,
Sarah, Yvonne and Eileen.

**Among the departed we remember** Thomas David Barlow, Dorothy Bagnall,
Sister Joan Michael of the Society of St Margaret, Charles Plummeridge,
Grace Seabrook, Harry Hobbs, Mavis Pharo, and Georg Sadowski.
