
*A very warm welcome* to any new readers, and to visitors and newcomers
to St Michael\'s. A special welcome and thanks to Fr Paul Matthias, our
celebrant this morning. Everyone is warmly invited to coffee in the
Vestry Hall after Mass. If new to St Michael\'s, do join us so that we
can welcome you properly!

***Please note: No Mass on Thursday 21st December.***

**Our Christmas services:** Mass as usual -- with Holy Baptism -- at
10.30 am on **Christmas Eve.** Then: Crib Service 4.30 pm, Midnight Mass
11.30 pm. **Christmas morning:** Mass 10.30 am.

**Christmas Communion at home** can be arranged if you, or someone you
know, will be unable to come to church for health reasons. Just speak to
Eleanor about it.

**Come and decorate our church for Christmas!** Willing hands will be
most welcome on Friday (the 22nd) from 10 am. **If you have any
suitable greenery in your garden, please bring it along!**

**Interesting stamps on your Christmas mail?** Please think of putting
them in Jacqui\'s box at the back of church, for the Royal National
Lifeboat Institution.

**A long way ahead but...** Fr Peter Harnden, Rector of Harbledown, is
arranging a pilgrimage to **Walsingham** for Resolution parishes in this
diocese, **from 19th to 23^rd^ August 2024.** If you think you *might*
be interested, please speak to Eleanor. This doesn\'t commit you at all,
but he\'d like to form a guestimate of the size of the party and make a
preliminary reservation next month. Anyone who has previously spent the
inside of a week at Walsingham (rather than a weekend or one-day
pilgrimage, which is rewarding but can feel rather congested and rushed)
will tell you how worthwhile the more "spread-out" kind of pilgrimage
can be.

**Helen Grant, MP for Maidstone and The Weald,** will be holding a
Surgery in the Vestry Hall on 19th December, 1.30 -- 3.30.

**Margaret Broadbent\'s funeral** at Vinters Park will be on 20th
December at 10.15 am. Few present members of the congregation knew her
well, but she made a considerable contribution to the life of our parish
in her time, and it would be good if St Michael\'s could be well
represented at the service.

**The Pilsdon Community** at West Malling -- An ecumenical Christian
community providing a safe space where people can rebuild their lives --
is seeking a new Guardian from March 2024. Enquiries to the Chair of
Trustees: <camillamedhurst@gmail.com>.

**World Religion Day on 22 January** will be marked by an event on the
theme of Peace at Sessions House, County Hall, 4.00-6.00 pm. Maidstone
Choral Union will be performing and light refreshments will be
available.

**"The Song of the Angels"** is the theme of talks and videos mounted by
Canterbury Cathedral during Advent and available on You-Tube afterwards.
For information visit the Cathedral website
(<https://www.canterbury-cathedral.org/what-s-on/events/advent-and-christmas-2023/>).

**From Our Tower:** **Kent County Association -** [**Maidstone**,
**Kent**](https://dove.cccbr.org.uk/tower/12644#_blank)**, St Michael &
All Angels**

Sunday, 10 December 2023 in 40m (6--1--24 in C)

**1296** **Spliced Surprise Minor** (2m)

2m:720 London, 576 Cambridge; 18 com.

1. Janice Byrne
2. Jacqueline Barlow
3. Rona Joiner
4. Mark Elvers
5. Philip Jarvis
6. Neil Jones (C)

Remembering Emma Cundiff, 9/12/2020.

**The Living Well** (the diocesan centre for Healing and Wholeness) is
looking for a new Warden, possibly two. The job entails responsibilities
in the areas of care, hospitality, and security of the property and can
to some extent be shaped according to the applicants\' skills. A
2-bedroom flat is provided. For further information, please see The
Living Well blog
(https://the-living-well.org.uk/wardens-required-2-bedroomed-first-floor-accommodation-included/).

**Among the sick we pray** for Paul\'s continued progress, for Fr
Paul\'s forthcoming eye treatment, and for Margaret, Ellie, Pauline,
Rue, Fr Leon, Antony, Fran, Ellie, Tom, Joseph, Valerie, Peter, Joan,
Margaret, Lindsay, Glynis, Ethan, Sarah, Yvonne and Eileen.

**Among the departed:** Richard Seddon, Henry Watson, Jean Farnan

***Could you pass this sheet on to someone else who might like to see
it?***
