
***A very warm welcome*** to any new readers, and to visitors and
newcomers to St Michael\'s. A special welcome and thanks to Fr Paul
Matthias, our celebrant this morning, who will also kindly be saying
Mass for us on **Thursday at 10.30 am.** If you are new to St
Michael\'s, do join us in the Vestry Hall after the service, so that we
can welcome you properly.

**Pamela Waite\'s funeral** will take place on **September 9th at
10.30 am.** If you know any friends or former colleagues of Pam\'s,
please make them aware of the date; Pam\'s brother Douglas is concerned
that he lacks up-to-date contact details.

**Warmest thanks** to Fr Paul, to Gareth, to the guest organist and all
the singers (home-grown and visiting) who made last Sunday\'s Choral
Evensong such a joyous and uplifting act of worship.

**It was good to see Dylan** among the singers at Valerie Brown\'s
funeral Mass, wearing an impressive new medal. Dylan, who now lives in
Rochester, has been Dean\'s Chorister at Rochester Cathedral since
September. Congratulations! **His sister Lottie,** who won a national
bellringing award in the summer, tolled the bell after the service. An
"11th birthday compliment" was rung for her last week.

**The Parochial Church Council** meeting has been postponed owing to the
vice-Chairman\'s admission to hospital. We continue to pray for him, and
for his family and friends.

**Our pre-Christmas Fair** is nearer than we think! Please look out for
things that would make good Tombola prizes, and think about home-made
items such as cakes and jams (please attach a list of ingredients). Or
provide something crafty, or Christmassy, or nice for the garden! If you
are willing to run a stall or come and help, don\'t leave Sara to wonder
-- please let her know! If she has to miss Mass for work reasons, Sara
can be reached, with any offers or questions, on 07837 919761.

**A Prayer for All Saints\' Day:**

**Blessed are you, O God,**

**for you are holy, gracious, and good,**

**the hope of all the faithful.**

**Empower the meek and encourage the poor.**

**Comfort those who mourn,**

**and fill humble hearts with gladness.**

**Give food to the hungry,**

**drink to the thirsty,**

**peace to the peacemakers,**

**mercy to the merciful,**

**and honour to the despised.**

**Sustain your saints in ministry,**

**until at last they see their reward:**

**the joy of eternal life with you;**

**through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen.**

**From our Tower**

**Kent County Association: Maidstone, Kent, St Michael and All Angels**

Sunday, 29 October 2023 in 40m (6--1--24 in C)

**1280** **Double Norwich Court Bob Major**

1. Mark Elvers
2. Stuart Cox
3. Jacqueline Barlow
4. Janice Byrne
5. Paul Barton
6. Rupert Cheeseman
7. Stephen Coaker
8. Neil Jones (C)

Rung on Tom\'s, Tony\'s and Rhian\'s birthday. Tom would have been 80
today.

Also remembering Pam Waite (27/10/2023). May they Rest in Peace and Rise
with Christ in Glory.

**For your Prayers:**

Among the sick: Margaret, Ellie, Pauline, Rue, Fr Leon, Antony, Fran,
Ellie, Tom, Joseph, Valerie, Peter, Joan, Margaret, Lindsay, Glynis,
Ethan, Sarah, Yvonne and Paul.

Among the Departed: Pamela Waite, Jeremy Plummer, Duncan Sherman,
Florence Hawker, \'Mandy\' Epps, Stewart Henry, Margaret Turner, Myra
Lury, Betty Landi.
