**TRINITY 15 Hymns 353, 351, 306, 384**

**FIRST READING Exodus 14. 19-31** The angel of God who was going before
the Israelite army moved and went behind them; and the pillar of cloud
moved from in front of them and took its place behind them. It came
between the army of Egypt and the army of Israel. And so the cloud was
there with the darkness, and it lit up the night; one did not come near
the other all night.Then Moses stretched out his hand over the sea.
The [Lord]{.smallcaps} drove the sea back by a strong east wind all
night, and turned the sea into dry land; and the waters were
divided. The Israelites went into the sea on dry ground, the waters
forming a wall for them on their right and on their left. The Egyptians
pursued, and went into the sea after them, all of Pharaoh's horses,
chariots, and chariot drivers. At the morning watch
the [Lord]{.smallcaps} in the pillar of fire and cloud looked down upon
the Egyptian army, and threw the Egyptian army into panic. He
clogged their chariot wheels so that they turned with difficulty. The
Egyptians said, 'Let us flee from the Israelites, for
the [Lord]{.smallcaps} is fighting for them against Egypt.'Then
the [Lord]{.smallcaps} said to Moses, 'Stretch out your hand over the
sea, so that the water may come back upon the Egyptians, upon their
chariots and chariot drivers.' So Moses stretched out his hand over the
sea, and at dawn the sea returned to its normal depth. As the Egyptians
fled before it, the [Lord]{.smallcaps} tossed the Egyptians into the
sea. The waters returned and covered the chariots and the chariot
drivers, the entire army of Pharaoh that had followed them into the sea;
not one of them remained. But the Israelites walked on dry ground
through the sea, the waters forming a wall for them on their right and
on their left. Thus the [Lord]{.smallcaps} saved Israel that day from
the Egyptians; and Israel saw the Egyptians dead on the seashore. Israel
saw the great work that the [Lord]{.smallcaps} did against the
Egyptians. So the people feared the [Lord]{.smallcaps} and believed in
the [Lord]{.smallcaps} and in his servant Moses.

**Responsorial Psalm 114 Response: Alleluia**!

1 When Israel came forth from Egypt, Jacob's sons from an alien people

2 Judah became the Lord's temple, Israel became his kingdom. **R**

 3 The sea fled at the sight: the Jordan turned back on its course,

4 the mountains leapt like rams and the hills like yearling sheep. **R**

 Why was it, sea, that you fled, that you turned back, Jordan, on your
course?

6 Mountains, that you leapt like rams; hills, like yearling sheep? **R**

 7 Tremble, O earth, before the Lord, in the presence of the God of
Jacob,

8 who turns the rock into a pool; and flint into a spring of water.
**R**

**SECOND READING Romans 14.1-12** Welcome those who are weak in faith,
but not for the purpose of quarrelling over opinions. Some believe in
eating anything, while the weak eat only vegetables. Those who eat must
not despise those who abstain, and those who abstain must not pass
judgement on those who eat; for God has welcomed them. Who are you to
pass judgement on servants of another? It is before their own lord that
they stand or fall. And they will be upheld, for the Lord is able to
make them stand. Some judge one day to be better than another, while
others judge all days to be alike. Let all be fully convinced in their
own minds. Those who observe the day, observe it in honour of the Lord.
Also those who eat, eat in honour of the Lord, since they give thanks to
God; while those who abstain, abstain in honour of the Lord and give
thanks to God. We do not live to ourselves, and we do not die to
ourselves. If we live, we live to the Lord, and if we die, we die to the
Lord; so then, whether we live or whether we die, we are the Lord's. For
to this end Christ died and lived again, so that he might be Lord of
both the dead and the living. Why do you pass judgement on your brother
or sister? Or you, why do you despise your brother or sister? For we
will all stand before the judgement seat of God. For it is written,

'As I live, says the Lord, every knee shall bow to me, and every tongue
shall give praise to God.'

So then, each of us will be accountable to God.

**GOSPEL Matthew 18.21-35** Then Peter came and said to him, 'Lord, if
another member of the church sins against me, how often should I
forgive? As many as seven times?' Jesus said to him, 'Not seven times,
but, I tell you, seventy-seven times. For this reason the kingdom of
heaven may be compared to a king who wished to settle accounts with his
slaves. When he began the reckoning, one who owed him ten thousand
talents was brought to him; and, as he could not pay, his lord ordered
him to be sold, together with his wife and children and all his
possessions, and payment to be made. So the slave fell on his knees
before him, saying, "Have patience with me, and I will pay you
everything." And out of pity for him, the lord of that slave released
him and forgave him the debt. But that same slave, as he went out, came
upon one of his fellow-slaves who owed him a hundred denarii; and
seizing him by the throat, he said, "Pay what you owe." Then his
fellow-slave fell down and pleaded with him, "Have patience with me, and
I will pay you." But he refused; then he went and threw him into prison
until he should pay the debt. When his fellow-slaves saw what had
happened, they were greatly distressed, and they went and reported to
their lord all that had taken place. Then his lord summoned him and said
to him, "You wicked slave! I forgave you all that debt because you
pleaded with me. Should you not have had mercy on your fellow-slave, as
I had mercy on you?" And in anger his lord handed him over to be
tortured until he should pay his entire debt. So my heavenly Father will
also do to every one of you, if you do not forgive your brother or
sister from your heart.'

