**CHRIST THE KING Hymns 352, 332, 272, 345**

**FIRST READING Ezekiel 34.11-16,20-24** For thus says the Lord God: I
myself will search for my sheep, and will seek them out. As shepherds
seek out their flocks when they are among their scattered sheep, so I
will seek out my sheep. I will rescue them from all the places to which
they have been scattered on a day of clouds and thick darkness. I will
bring them out from the peoples and gather them from the countries, and
will bring them into their own land; and I will feed them on the
mountains of Israel, by the watercourses, and in all the inhabited parts
of the land. I will feed them with good pasture, and the mountain
heights of Israel shall be their pasture; there they shall lie down in
good grazing land, and they shall feed on rich pasture on the mountains
of Israel. I myself will be the shepherd of my sheep, and I will make
them lie down, says the Lord God. I will seek the lost, and I will bring
back the strayed, and I will bind up the injured, and I will strengthen
the weak, but the fat and the strong I will destroy. I will feed them
with justice. Therefore, thus says the Lord God to them: I myself will
judge between the fat sheep and the lean sheep. Because you pushed with
flank and shoulder, and butted at all the weak animals with your horns
until you scattered them far and wide, I will save my flock, and they
shall no longer be ravaged; and I will judge between sheep and sheep. I
will set up over them one shepherd, my servant David, and he shall feed
them: he shall feed them and be their shepherd. And I, the Lord, will be
their God, and my servant David shall be prince among them; I, the Lord,
have spoken.

**RESPONSORIAL PSALM 95 *Response:*** ***If today you hear his voice,
harden not your hearts.***\
Come, let us sing joyfully to the LORD; let us acclaim the rock of our
salvation.\
Let us come into his presence with thanksgiving; let us joyfully sing
psalms to him. *R*\
\
Come, let us bow down in worship; let us kneel before the LORD who made
us.\
For he is our God, and we are the people he shepherds, the flock he
guides. ***R***\
\
Oh, that today you would hear his voice: "Harden not your hearts as at
Meribah, as in the day of Massah in the desert,\
Where your fathers tempted me; they tested me though they had seen my
works." ***R***

**SECOND READING Ephesians 1.15-23** I have heard of your faith in the
Lord Jesus and your love towards all the saints, and for this reason I
do not cease to give thanks for you as I remember you in my prayers. I
pray that the God of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Father of glory, may
give you a spirit of wisdom and revelation as you come to know him, so
that, with the eyes of your heart enlightened, you may know what is the
hope to which he has called you, what are the riches of his glorious
inheritance among the saints, and what is the immeasurable greatness of
his power for us who believe, according to the working of his great
power. God put this power to work in Christ when he raised him from the
dead and seated him at his right hand in the heavenly places, far above
all rule and authority and power and dominion, and above every name that
is named, not only in this age but also in the age to come. And he has
put all things under his feet and has made him the head over all things
for the church, which is his body, the fullness of him who fills all in
all.

**GOSPEL Matthew 25.31-46** 'When the Son of Man comes in his glory, and
all the angels with him, then he will sit on the throne of his glory.
All the nations will be gathered before him, and he will separate people
one from another as a shepherd separates the sheep from the goats, and
he will put the sheep at his right hand and the goats at the left. Then
the king will say to those at his right hand, "Come, you that are
blessed by my Father, inherit the kingdom prepared for you from the
foundation of the world; for I was hungry and you gave me food, I was
thirsty and you gave me something to drink, I was a stranger and you
welcomed me, I was naked and you gave me clothing, I was sick and you
took care of me, I was in prison and you visited me." Then the righteous
will answer him, "Lord, when was it that we saw you hungry and gave you
food, or thirsty and gave you something to drink? And when was it that
we saw you a stranger and welcomed you, or naked and gave you clothing?
And when was it that we saw you sick or in prison and visited you?" And
the king will answer them, "Truly I tell you, just as you did it to one
of the least of these who are members of my family, you did it to me."
Then he will say to those at his left hand, "You that are accursed,
depart from me into the eternal fire prepared for the devil and his
angels; for I was hungry and you gave me no food, I was thirsty and you
gave me nothing to drink, I was a stranger and you did not welcome me,
naked and you did not give me clothing, sick and in prison and you did
not visit me." Then they also will answer, "Lord, when was it that we
saw you hungry or thirsty or a stranger or naked or sick or in prison,
and did not take care of you?" Then he will answer them, "Truly I tell
you, just as you did not do it to one of the least of these, you did not
do it to me." And these will go away into eternal punishment, but the
righteous into eternal life.'

