**TRINITY 12 Hymns 360, 285, 313, 239**

**FIRST READING Exodus 1:8-2:10** Now a new king arose over Egypt, who
did not know Joseph. He said to his people, "Look, the Israelite people
are more numerous and more powerful than we. Come, let us deal shrewdly
with them, or they will increase and, in the event of war, join our
enemies and fight against us and escape from the land." Therefore they
set taskmasters over them to oppress them with forced labor. They built
supply cities, Pithom and Rameses, for Pharaoh. But the more they were
oppressed, the more they multiplied and spread, so that the Egyptians
came to dread the Israelites. The Egyptians became ruthless in imposing
tasks on the Israelites, and made their lives bitter with hard service
in mortar and brick and in every kind of field labour. They were
ruthless in all the tasks that they imposed on them.

The king of Egypt said to the Hebrew midwives, one of whom was named
Shiphrah and the other Puah, "When you act as midwives to the Hebrew
women, and see them on the birthstool, if it is a boy, kill him; but if
it is a girl, she shall live." But the midwives feared God; they did not
do as the king of Egypt commanded them, but they let the boys live. So
the king of Egypt summoned the midwives and said to them, "Why have you
done this, and allowed the boys to live?" The midwives said to Pharaoh,
"Because the Hebrew women are not like the Egyptian women; for they are
vigorous and give birth before the midwife comes to them." So God dealt
well with the midwives; and the people multiplied and became very
strong. And because the midwives feared God, he gave them families. Then
Pharaoh commanded all his people, "Every boy that is born to the Hebrews
you shall throw into the Nile, but you shall let every girl live."

Now a man from the house of Levi went and married a Levite woman. The
woman conceived and bore a son; and when she saw that he was a fine
baby, she hid him three months. When she could hide him no longer she
got a papyrus basket for him, and plastered it with bitumen and pitch;
she put the child in it and placed it among the reeds on the bank of the
river. His sister stood at a distance, to see what would happen to him.

The daughter of Pharaoh came down to bathe at the river, while her
attendants walked beside the river. She saw the basket among the reeds
and sent her maid to bring it. When she opened it, she saw the child. He
was crying, and she took pity on him, "This must be one of the Hebrews'
children," she said. Then his sister said to Pharaoh's daughter, "Shall
I go and get you a nurse from the Hebrew women to nurse the child for
you?" Pharaoh's daughter said to her, "Yes." So the girl went and called
the child's mother. Pharaoh's daughter said to her, "Take this child and
nurse it for me, and I will give you your wages." So the woman took the
child and nursed it. When the child grew up, she brought him to
Pharaoh's daughter, and she took him as her son. She named him Moses,
"because," she said, "I drew him out of the water."

**RESPONSORIAL PSALM 124 Response: Our help is in the Name of the
Lord.**

**"If the Lord had not been on our side,"** this is Israel's song.

"If the Lord had not been on our side when men rose up against us,

then would they have swallowed us alive when their anger was kindled.
**R**

Then would the waters have engulfed us, the torrent gone over us;

over our head would have swept the raging waters." **R**

 Blessed be the Lord who did not give us a prey to their teeth!

Our life, like a bird, has escaped from the snare of the fowler. **R**

 Indeed the snare has been broken and we have escaped.

Our help is in the name of the Lord, who made heaven and earth. **R**

**SECOND READING Romans 12.1-8** I appeal to you therefore, brothers and
sisters, by the mercies of God, to present your bodies as a living
sacrifice, holy and acceptable to God, which is your spiritual worship.
Do not be conformed to this world, but be transformed by the renewing of
your minds, so that you may discern what is the will of God---what is
good and acceptable and perfect. For by the grace given to me I say to
everyone among you not to think of yourself more highly than you ought
to think, but to think with sober judgement, each according to the
measure of faith that God has assigned. For as in one body we have many
members, and not all the members have the same function, so we, who are
many, are one body in Christ, and individually we are members one of
another. We have gifts that differ according to the grace given to us:
prophecy, in proportion to faith; ministry, in ministering; the teacher,
in teaching; the exhorter, in exhortation; the giver, in generosity; the
leader, in diligence; the compassionate, in cheerfulness.

**GOSPEL Matthew 16.13-20** Now when Jesus came into the district of
Caesarea Philippi, he asked his disciples, 'Who do people say that the
Son of Man is?' And they said, 'Some say John the Baptist, but others
Elijah, and still others Jeremiah or one of the prophets.' He said to
them, 'But who do you say that I am?' Simon Peter answered, 'You are the
Messiah, the Son of the living God.' And Jesus answered him, 'Blessed
are you, Simon son of Jonah! For flesh and blood has not revealed this
to you, but my Father in heaven. And I tell you, you are Peter, and on
this rock I will build my church, and the gates of Hades will not
prevail against it. I will give you the keys of the kingdom of heaven,
and whatever you bind on earth will be bound in heaven, and whatever you
loose on earth will be loosed in heaven.' Then he sternly ordered the
disciples not to tell anyone that he was the Messiah.

