
***A warm welcome*** to any new readers, and to visitors and newcomers
to St Michael\'s, as we keep this second Sunday of Epiphany. A special
welcome and many thanks to our celebrant Fr Derek, who has kindly
stepped in to celebrate Mass for us today, as Fr Paul is convalescing
after a chest infection. If you are new to St Michael\'s, please join us
for tea or coffee in the Vestry Hall after Mass, so that we can welcome
you properly.

**Watch this space...** At their meeting on Thursday, the PCC considered
ways in which we at St Michael\'s could recharge our batteries in this
new year, particularly with Lent in mind. While some of the things we
have done in the past (for example a residential pilgrimage to
Walsingham) would be difficult to arrange in the available time, we
think many of us would benefit from a Quiet Day with minimal travelling
involved. We are therefore working towards a **Quiet Day at The
Friars,** probably on a Saturday in March - details to be announced
shortly. Everyone will be welcome to join in this; a Quiet Day is a
wonderful opportunity to recharge one\'s batteries, and at a time when
we are concerned about so many things, including the future of the
parish, time to be still together in the presence of God will be of
value to us, and not only to us. More information very soon.

**Sidespersons -- we need them!** The PCC also noted the importance of
welcoming worshippers (particularly newcomers and visitors), and also of
managing the collection appropriately (it was clear at Christmas that
not everyone spotted the collection plate, and it\'s not something one
necessarily wants to point out to a visitor who has just come through
the door). We do need more people who are willing to welcome new
arrivals and to circulate the plate during the Offertory. Could you do
this worthwhile job, perhaps once a month? Please have a word with Paul,
who can give you further information.

**Parish Giving Scheme:** As we have previously noted, this new scheme
promises well, both for church finances and for the sanity of parish
Treasurers. The PCC has approved our participating in the PGS (as the
diocese is withdrawing much of the administrative support that has
hitherto been available to parish Treasurers, non-participation would
not be sensible) and we shall hear more from Treasurer Nelly shortly
about any changes that have to be implemented at our end.

**Come to Canterbury on February 2nd for the Consecration of the new
Bishop of Oswestry!** This will be a memorable and moving way of keeping
Candlemas, and an occasion at which Bishop Norman is anxious to see a
good representation from the Resolution parishes in this diocese.
Eleanor has 3 places in her car and would be glad to know of anyone else
who can offer a lift.

**Cards and packs of envelopes,** in significant numbers, are still
awaiting collection in the narthex. Are there any for you, or for a
friend or neighbour to whom you could kindly deliver? Many have been
there since before Christmas -- please take a moment to check!

**Work on our East Window** will -- at last! - be beginning shortly.

**From Our Tower:**

**Kent County Association**

[**Maidstone**,
Kent](https://dove.cccbr.org.uk/detail.php?tower=12644#_blank)

St Michael and All Angels

Sunday, 8 January 2023 in 39m (6--1--24 in C)

**1269** **Cambridge Surprise Minor**

1Jacqueline Barlow

2Stephen Coaker

3John J Proudfoot

4Mark Elvers

5Pam Thomas

6Neil Jones (C)

Rung on the first Sunday of Epiphany. Remembering Joyce Neal, 5/1/99.
R.I.P.
