**6^th^ SUNDAY OF EASTER Hymns 374, 103, 272, 478**

**FIRST READING Acts 17.22-31** Then Paul stood in front of the
Areopagus and said, 'Athenians, I see how extremely religious you are in
every way. For as I went through the city and looked carefully at the
objects of your worship, I found among them an altar with the
inscription, "To an unknown god." What therefore you worship as unknown,
this I proclaim to you. The God who made the world and everything in it,
he who is Lord of heaven and earth, does not live in shrines made by
human hands, nor is he served by human hands, as though he needed
anything, since he himself gives to all mortals life and breath and all
things. From one ancestor he made all nations to inhabit the whole
earth, and he allotted the times of their existence and the boundaries
of the places where they would live, so that they would search for God
and perhaps grope for him and find him---though indeed he is not far
from each one of us. For "In him we live and move and have our being";
as even some of your own poets have said, "For we too are his
offspring." Since we are God's offspring, we ought not to think that the
deity is like gold, or silver, or stone, an image formed by the art and
imagination of mortals. While God has overlooked the times of human
ignorance, now he commands all people everywhere to repent, because he
has fixed a day on which he will have the world judged in righteousness
by a man whom he has appointed, and of this he has given assurance to
all by raising him from the dead.'

**RESPONSORIAL PSALM 66 Response: Cry out with joy to God, all the
earth.**

1\. Cry out with joy to God, all the earth; O sing to the glory of his name.  
O render him glorious praise: say to God. "How tremendous your deeds!" **R.**

2\. "Before you all the earth shall bow; shall sing to you, sing to your name!"  
Come and see the works of God; tremendous his deeds among men. **R.**

3\. He turned the sea into dry land; they passed through the river dry-shod.  
Let our joy then be in him; he rules for ever by his might. **R.**

4\. Come and hear, all who fear God; I will tell what he did for my soul:  
Blessed be God who did not reject my prayer: nor withhold his love from me. **R.**

**SECOND READING 1 Peter 3.13-22** Now who will harm you if you are
eager to do what is good? But even if you do suffer for doing what is
right, you are blessed. Do not fear what they fear, and do not be
intimidated, but in your hearts sanctify Christ as Lord. Always be ready
to make your defence to anyone who demands from you an account of the
hope that is in you; yet do it with gentleness and reverence. Keep your
conscience clear, so that, when you are maligned, those who abuse you
for your good conduct in Christ may be put to shame. For it is better to
suffer for doing good, if suffering should be God's will, than to suffer
for doing evil. For Christ also suffered for sins once for all, the
righteous for the unrighteous, in order to bring you to God. He was put
to death in the flesh, but made alive in the spirit, in which also he
went and made a proclamation to the spirits in prison, who in former
times did not obey, when God waited patiently in the days of Noah,
during the building of the ark, in which a few, that is, eight people,
were saved through water. And baptism, which this prefigured, now saves
you---not as a removal of dirt from the body, but as an appeal to God
for a good conscience, through the resurrection of Jesus Christ, who has
gone into heaven and is at the right hand of God, with angels,
authorities, and powers made subject to him.

**GOSPEL John 14.15-21** 'If you love me, you will keep my commandments.
And I will ask the Father, and he will give you another Advocate, to be
with you for ever. This is the Spirit of truth, whom the world cannot
receive, because it neither sees him nor knows him. You know him,
because he abides with you, and he will be in you. 'I will not leave you
orphaned; I am coming to you. In a little while the world will no longer
see me, but you will see me; because I live, you also will live. On that
day you will know that I am in my Father, and you in me, and I in you.
They who have my commandments and keep them are those who love me; and
those who love me will be loved by my Father, and I will love them and
reveal myself to them.'

***ST MICHAEL\'S NEWS***

*A very warm welcome* to any new readers, and to visitors and newcomers
to St Michael\'s. A special welcome and thanks to Fr Paul, our celebrant
this morning, who will also kindly be saying Mass for us on Thursday --
Ascension Day - at 10.30 am. If you are new to St Michael\'s, do join us
in the Vestry Hall after the service, so that we can welcome you
properly.

**Ascension Day:** Please note that the 10.30 am Thursday Mass this week
is our Ascension Day Mass. If you are not at work, why not come and
celebrate this very important feast day?

**Thank you to everyone** whose generous contributions of food, drink,
decorating and hard work delivered such an enjoyable Coronation
celebration lunch last Sunday, and particular thanks to Alison Ponter
for drawing it all together.

**The PCC meets on Wednesday 24^th^ May.** Any apologies, or items to be
included in the Agenda, to Vice-Chairman Paul Jones, please.

**"As I was going to Strawberry Fair..."** What can we do to encourage
the customers to come to our Strawberry Fair on Saturday afternoon, July
1st? The strawberry teas will be the central attraction, but what other
ideas can we suggest -- and put into operation -- to entertain those who
come, and make some extra money? Sara will be most grateful for ideas
and offers of help - tombola prizes, raffle prizes, home-made goodies,
publicising, and, of course, setting-up and washing-up. Please contact
Sara on 07837 919761 or email <sara_pointer@msn.com>.

**First impressions matter...** Coming into an unfamiliar church for the
first time can be difficult -- especially for a newcomer who may have
little experience of churches, or who may never have visited a church
that does things in quite the way St Michael\'s does. A person at the
back of the church who can welcome newcomers, show them which book is
which and direct them towards the refreshments after Mass is doing a
hugely important job. Can YOU volunteer to take on this job
occasionally? If so, do speak to Jonathan or Paul. NB If a newcomer
comes to sit in a nearby pew, particularly if he or she has arrived late
and may not have picked up books, we can all offer help if it seems to
be needed. People would generally rather have too much help than too
little, and a bit of friendly concern can mean such a lot.

**A Fashion Show with a Difference! MADM (local charity Making a
Difference Maidstone)** **is organising a Fashion Show of formal/bridal
wear at MidKent College on 26^th^ May.** All the outfits shown will be
secondhand -- a chance to address the cost of living crisis, to
encourage recycling, to raise money for MADM -- and to see how glamorous
a quality second-hand fashion item can be! Refreshments will be
available, admission is free, and donations on the day will be much
appreciated. There is actually going to be a **pop-up shop!** There will
be two sessions -12.30 pm and 2 pm -- and you can make sure of a place
if you reserve your **free ticket** by scanning the QR code on the
poster in the narthex. This show will go on for just under an hour and
is in our own locality (Oakwood Road) -- do support it if you can!

***Could you pass this sheet on to someone else who might like to see
it?***
