**FIFTH SUNDAY OF EASTER Hymns 285, 351, 280, 113**

**FIRST READING Acts 7.55-60** But filled with the Holy Spirit, Stephen
gazed into heaven and saw the glory of God and Jesus standing at the
right hand of God. 'Look,' he said, 'I see the heavens opened and the
Son of Man standing at the right hand of God!' But they covered their
ears, and with a loud shout all rushed together against him. Then they
dragged him out of the city and began to stone him; and the witnesses
laid their coats at the feet of a young man named Saul. While they were
stoning Stephen, he prayed, 'Lord Jesus, receive my spirit.' Then he
knelt down and cried out in a loud voice, 'Lord, do not hold this sin
against them.' When he had said this, he died.

**RESPONSORIAL PSALM 31**

**Response: Into your hands, O Lord, I commend my spirit.**

Be my rock of refuge, a stronghold to give me safety.  
You are my rock and my fortress; for your name's sake you will lead and guide me. **R**  

Into your hands I commend my spirit; you will redeem me, O LORD, O faithful God.  
I will rejoice and be glad because of your mercy. **R**

Rescue me from the clutches of my enemies and my persecutors.  
Let your face shine upon your servant; save me in your kindness. **R**

**SECOND READING 1 Peter 2.2-10** Like newborn infants, long for the
pure, spiritual milk, so that by it you may grow into salvation--- if
indeed you have tasted that the Lord is good. Come to him, a living
stone, though rejected by mortals yet chosen and precious in God's
sight, and like living stones, let yourselves be built into a spiritual
house, to be a holy priesthood, to offer spiritual sacrifices acceptable
to God through Jesus Christ. For it stands in scripture: *'See, I am
laying in Zion a stone, a cornerstone chosen and precious; and whoever
believes in him will not be put to shame.'* To you then who believe, he
is precious; but for those who do not believe, *'The stone that the
builders rejected has become the very head of the corner',* and *'A
stone that makes them stumble, and a rock that makes them fall.'* They
stumble because they disobey the word, as they were destined to do. But
you are a chosen race, a royal priesthood, a holy nation, God's own
people, in order that you may proclaim the mighty acts of him who called
you out of darkness into his marvellous light. Once you were not a
people, but now you are God's people; once you had not received mercy,
but now you have received mercy.

**GOSPEL John 14.1-14** 'Do not let your hearts be troubled. Believe in
God, believe also in me. In my Father's house there are many
dwelling-places. If it were not so, would I have told you that I go to
prepare a place for you? And if I go and prepare a place for you, I will
come again and will take you to myself, so that where I am, there you
may be also. And you know the way to the place where I am going.'

Thomas said to him, 'Lord, we do not know where you are going. How can
we know the way?' Jesus said to him, 'I am the way, and the truth, and
the life. No one comes to the Father except through me. If you know me,
you will know my Father also. From now on you do know him and have seen
him.'

Philip said to him, 'Lord, show us the Father, and we will be
satisfied.'

Jesus said to him, 'Have I been with you all this time, Philip, and you
still do not know me? Whoever has seen me has seen the Father. How can
you say, "Show us the Father"? Do you not believe that I am in the
Father and the Father is in me? The words that I say to you I do not
speak on my own; but the Father who dwells in me does his works. Believe
me that I am in the Father and the Father is in me; but if you do not,
then believe me because of the works themselves. Very truly, I tell you,
the one who believes in me will also do the works that I do and, in
fact, will do greater works than these, because I am going to the
Father. I will do whatever you ask in my name, so that the Father may be
glorified in the Son. If in my name you ask me for anything, I will do
it.\'

