**SUNDAY NEXT BEFORE LENT 19th February 2023. Hymns 358, 271, 304,
388**

**FIRST READING Exodus 24.12-18** The Lord said to Moses, 'Come up to me
on the mountain, and wait there; and I will give you the tablets of
stone, with the law and the commandment, which I have written for their
instruction.' So Moses set out with his assistant Joshua, and Moses went
up into the mountain of God. To the elders he had said, 'Wait here for
us, until we come to you again; for Aaron and Hur are with you; whoever
has a dispute may go to them.' Then Moses went up on the mountain, and
the cloud covered the mountain. The glory of the Lord settled on Mount
Sinai, and the cloud covered it for six days; on the seventh day he
called to Moses out of the cloud. Now the appearance of the glory of the
Lord was like a devouring fire on the top of the mountain in the sight
of the people of Israel. Moses entered the cloud, and went up on the
mountain. Moses was on the mountain for forty days and forty nights.

**RESPONSORIAL PSALM 2 R. Blessed are they who put their trust in God.**

**1. Why this tumult among nations, among peoples this useless
murmuring?\
They arise, the kings of the earth, princes plot against the Lord and
his Anointed.\
"Come, let us break their fetters, come, let us cast off their yoke."
(R.)**

**2. He who sits in the heavens laughs; the Lord is laughing them to
scorn.\
Then he will speak in his anger, his rage will strike them with terror.\
"It is I who have set up my king on Zion, my holy mountain." (R.)**

**3. I will announce the decree of the Lord:**

**The Lord said to me: "You are my Son. It is I who have begotten you
this day.**

**Ask and I shall bequeath you the nations, put the ends of the earth in
your possession.\
With a rod of iron you will break them, shatter them like a potter's
jar. (R.)**

**SECOND READING 2 Peter 1.16-21** For we did not follow cleverly
devised myths when we made known to you the power and coming of our Lord
Jesus Christ, but we had been eyewitnesses of his majesty. For he
received honour and glory from God the Father when that voice was
conveyed to him by the Majestic Glory, saying, 'This is my Son, my
Beloved, with whom I am well pleased.' We ourselves heard this voice
come from heaven, while we were with him on the holy mountain. So we
have the prophetic message more fully confirmed. You will do well to be
attentive to this as to a lamp shining in a dark place, until the day
dawns and the morning star rises in your hearts. First of all you must
understand this, that no prophecy of scripture is a matter of one's own
interpretation, because no prophecy ever came by human will, but men and
women moved by the Holy Spirit spoke from God.

**GOSPEL Matthew 17.1-9** Six days later, Jesus took with him Peter and
James and his brother John and led them up a high mountain, by
themselves. And he was transfigured before them, and his face shone like
the sun, and his clothes became dazzling white. Suddenly there appeared
to them Moses and Elijah, talking with him. Then Peter said to Jesus,
'Lord, it is good for us to be here; if you wish, I will make three
dwellings here, one for you, one for Moses, and one for Elijah.' While
he was still speaking, suddenly a bright cloud overshadowed them, and
from the cloud a voice said, 'This is my Son, the Beloved; with him I am
well pleased; listen to him!' When the disciples heard this, they fell
to the ground and were overcome by fear. But Jesus came and touched
them, saying, 'Get up and do not be afraid.' And when they looked up,
they saw no one except Jesus himself alone. As they were coming down the
mountain, Jesus ordered them, 'Tell no one about the vision until after
the Son of Man has been raised from the dead.\'

***Could you pass on this sheet to someone else who might like to see
it?***

***ST MICHAEL\'S NEWS***

***A warm welcome*** to any new readers, and to visitors and newcomers
to St Michael\'s.

As we move towards Lent, today\'s readings might prompt us to ask
ourselves how ready we are to "listen to Him" - something we may
particularly need to do in the coming weeks. A special welcome to Fr
Paul, who is kindly celebrating today and will also be celebrating Mass
for us on Ash Wednesday (see below) and on Thursday at 10.30 am. If you
are new to St Michael\'s, do join us for tea or coffee in the Vestry
Hall after Mass, so that we can welcome you properly.

**Ash Wednesday is this Wednesday, 22nd February. Mass at 7.30 pm.**

**Bishop Norman will be celebrating and preaching for us next Sunday**,
the 26th February. Let us all be present to welcome him and share in
the parish lunch after Mass.

**Garden Working Party** meets for general cleaning and tidying on
Saturday 25th from 9.30 to 12 noon. Everyone welcome -- please speak
to Martyn. Thank you to our gardeners, and to all who have been working
quietly, month after month, to keep our church and its surroundings
looking their best.

**Our Lent Quiet Day,** accompanied by Fr Derek, is booked for 25th
March at The Friars. We shall have the use of the St Albert Room, and
the beautiful Cloister Chapel will be the setting for our Mass. If the
weather is kind, there is the chance to take some quiet time in the
delightful grounds. If you haven\'t put your name down and would like to
do so, there is still time -- please speak to Jonathan. Cost per person
will depend on final numbers -- but it will be around £10-£12. (We bring
our own lunch). It will be particularly good to hear from drivers
willing to offer lifts.

**From Our Tower**:

**Kent County Association**

[**Maidstone,
Kent**](https://dove.cccbr.org.uk/detail.php?tower=12644#_blank)

**St Michael and All Angels**

Sunday, 5 February 2023 in 41m (6--1--24 in C)

**1320** **Spliced Surprise Minor** (2m)

(720 York; 600 Durham; 10 com.

1Pam Thomas

2Philip Jarvis

3Paul Barton

4Mark Elvers

5Rupert Cheeseman

6Neil Jones (C)

Rung on the Saints\' Day of the Martyrs of Japan, 1597.
