
**A very warm welcome** to any new readers, and to visitors and
newcomers to St Michael\'s. A special welcome to Fr Paul, our celebrant
this morning, who will also kindly be celebrating Mass for us on
Thursday at 10.30 am. If you are new to St Michael\'s, do join us for
tea or coffee in the Vestry Hall after the service, so that we can
welcome you properly.

**Thank you to everyone** who gardened, cleaned, cooked, organised, and
led the music last Sunday. Of our delicious after-Mass lunch, Bishop
Norman remarked, "This is better than a lot of Confirmation lunches
I\'ve been to!" - and he was warm in his commendation of our choral
music. He, too, has been thanked for his encouragement to St Michael\'s
at this challenging time.

**Our Parish Quiet Day,** which Fr Derek is kindly accompanying, takes
place at The Friars on March 25th , 9.30 am -- 3.30 pm. A precious
Lenten opportunity to spend time with our Lord, and to seek the prayers
and inspiration of our blessed Lady on the Feast of the Annunciation -
remembering with thanksgiving her response to the angel\'s message: "Be
it unto me according to thy word." Likely cost, about £12 per person.
Eleanor is at present finalising the list -- please check that you are
on it! And could you give anyone a lift?

**Furniture?** Mick, who has recently joined our congregation,
specialises in mending and making furniture. Through a woodwork club, he
will shortly have the use of power tools that will enable him to tackle
more ambitious projects than previously. He also recycles pallets into
colourful garden furniture and would be glad to hear from possible
customers.

**The Mothers\' Union Spring/Easter catalogue** can be found in the
children\'s corner, together with some order forms -- or order through
Daphne (01622 686463). Do have a look - MU cards, particularly, are good
value, and there are some attractive Coronation and commemorative items.
Proceeds from sales go to the work of the MU, "stopping violence,
stopping poverty, stopping injustice" in so many places in the world
where families face appalling challenges.

**Diocesan Synod** meets in Canterbury on March 11th. The morning
session is open to anyone interested, and will focus on the church\'s
mission to children and young people. Details from Eleanor, who can
offer a lift to anyone who would like to go.

**Contact with local schools** is always a privilege and a pleasure. We
have had a most appreciative message from West Borough School, whose
postponed concert we hosted in January, and we look forward to welcoming
Jubilee School and the St Michael\'s Schools, who hold their pre-Easter
services later this month. Oakwood Park Grammar School hopes to send us
a team of volunteer gardeners in May.

**From Our Tower:**

**Kent County Association: Maidstone, Kent, St Michael and All Angels**

Sunday, 12 February 2023 in 39m (6--1--24 in C)

**1260** **Plain Bob Minor**

1Mark Elvers

2Charlotte Elvers

3Kath White

4Terry Barnard

5Cathy Cheeseman

6Neil Jones (C)

1st of minor inside: 2.

Remembering Mike Thresh (11/2/2015), R.I.P..

**PCC,** **March 15^th:^** Please speak to a member if you would like
something included in the Agenda.

**Readers\' list for March** *(Thank you, readers, for your valued
contribution to our worship -- if unable to read on the day listed,
please try to arrange a swap with another reader)*

12th March OT and Psalm Catherine Garland, NT Katja Svarts

19th March OT and Psalm Alison Heywood, NT Ralph Baldock

26th March OT and Psalm Eta/Zangi, NT Margaret Gatehouse

**Mothering Sunday (March 19th) -- extra posy-makers needed!** Jessica
is very kindly making some posies, but as she no longer has a garden,
extras will be most welcome. Are there 3 or 4 people who could each
produce 6? Nothing expensive or elaborate -- just what you can put
together from your garden and bring to church on the day? Also, might
you (in early April) have greenery or garden flowers that would be
helpful for our **Easter decorating**?
