
## Priest-in-Charge Fr John Ainslie ([revjohnainslie@gmail.com](mailto:revjohnainslie@gmail.com); 01628 629827)

**A very warm welcome** to any new readers, and to visitors and
newcomers to St Michael\'s. If you are new to St Michael\'s, do join us
for refreshments in the Vestry Hall after the service so we can welcome
you properly.

**PRAYER REQUEST SLIPS** are available at the back of church if you want
to request prayer for yourself, for someone else or for a particular
situation.

**THIS SUNDAY AT 4PM: FESTIVAL OF NINE LESSONS AND CAROLS with augmented
choir. Join us for this lovely traditional Christmas service, followed
by mulled wine and mince pies. Collection for Maidstone Homeless Care.**

**CHRISTMAS AT ST MICHAEL'S**

**Christmas Eve:** The ever-popular **Crib Service at 4pm**, All
Welcome, especially families. Enjoy the magic of the Christmas Story
with Carols round the Crib. **With a collection for Maidstone Homeless
Care.**

**Midnight Mass:** Hear the news of the Angels, join the shepherds at
the Crib, come and adore the Christ Child. **Sung First Mass of
Christmas** **11.30pm on Christmas Eve.**

**Christmas Morning: Sung Mass with carols at 10.30am.**

**Note** there will not be a 10.30 Mass this Thursday, 26th December.

**DECORATING THE CHURCH** will take place on Monday 23rd 9am -- 12
noon. If you are able to help do please join us as we make the Church
fit to welcome and celebrate our Lord and Saviour this Christmas. Any
questions: ask Margaret G.

**BEING A WELCOMING CHURCH THIS CHRISTMAS:** A big 'Thank You' to all
those who have signed up to be welcomers at our services this Christmas.
This is an important role as we welcome many who may not come to church
often, or who may be first-time visitors to St Michaels. People often
comment to me that they find us a very welcoming church, and it makes
such a difference when we help them feel welcome, help those with
children and buggies negotiate the doors into the church, ensure they
have the books they need, and notice when they may need a bit of help
finding a seat or working out what the next hymn is. We all play our
part in this, but especially those who are the first to greet people at
the door. If during the service you notice someone in a pew near you who
looks confused, do offer some help! Thank you.

**FOR OUR PRAYERS:** For peace across the Holy Land and the Middle East.
For those who will be alone this Christmas, those who will be grieving a
departed loved one, or spending Christmas in hospital, care home, or
prison, and for the homeless. For the work of Maidstone Homeless Care,
for staff, volunteers and clients. For our Christmas services at St
Michaels, especially for occasional churchgoers or those who are
visiting us for the first time; for all who visit St Michael's or
another church this Christmas in search of comfort or solace, that they
may meet with the love, compassion, forgiveness and strength of the
Christ Child.

**We pray for those in need**, and especially Paul Jones, Glynis
Reynolds, Yvonne Young, Jessica O'Sullivan, Lindsay Wheeler, Martyn
Nash, Fran, Ellie Tomlinson, Sara Dray, Robert Hill, Michael, Alan,
Beryl Haigh, David Green.

**We pray for the recently departed**. We remember those who have
faithfully served God in this Church in previous generations, and we
pray for those whose year's mind occurs this week: David Harrington,
Margaret Amphlett, Winifred Johnes, Muriel Kilby, Dorothy Kendling,
Marjorie Ethel Cleaver.

**FROM THE BELLTOWER:** Sunday, 15 December **1320 Cambridge
Surprise Minor** 1 Stuart Cox 2 Rona Joiner 3 David Ridley 4 Mark Elvers
5 Stephen Coaker (C) 6 Lucy Harvey

Rung on Rose Sunday (Third Sunday of Advent). Remembering Emma Cundiff
9/12/20 and Alan Baldock
