Hymns NEH 137, 146, 286, 486

**St Michael and All Angels -- a Parish under the Patronage of Our Lady
of Walsingham**

# FIRST READING (Amos 5: 6,7, 10-15)

## A reading from the Prophet Amos.

Seek the Lord and live, or he will break out against the house of Joseph
like fire, and it will devour Bethel, with no one to quench it. Ah, you
that turn justice to wormwood, and bring righteousness to the ground!

They hate the one who reproves in the gate, and they abhor the one who
speaks the truth.

Therefore, because you trample on the poor and take from them levies
of grain, you have built houses of hewn stone, but you shall not live in
them; you have planted pleasant vineyards, but you shall not drink
their wine.

For I know how many are your transgressions, and how great are your sins
- you who afflict the righteous, who take a bribe, and push aside the
needy in the gate. Therefore the prudent will keep silent in such a
time; for it is an evil time.

Seek good and not evil, that you may live; and so the Lord, the God of
hosts, will be with you, just as you have said.

Hate evil and love good, and establish justice in the gate; it may be
that the Lord, the God of hosts, will be gracious to the remnant of
Joseph.

# RESPONSORIAL PSALM (From Ps 90)

## Response: Fill us with your love.

1\. Make us know the shortness of our life\
that we may gain wisdom of heart.\
Lord, relent! Is your anger for ever?\
Show pity to your servants. ***R.***

2\. In the morning, fill us with your love;\
Then we shall rejoice all our days.\
Give us joy to balance our affliction,\
for the years when we knew misfortune. ***R.***

3\. Show forth your work to your servants;\
Let your glory shine on their children.\
Let the favour of the Lord be upon us:\
prosper the work of our labours. ***R.***

# SECOND READING (Hebrews 4: 12-end)

## A reading from the letter to the Hebrews.

The word of God is living and active, sharper than any two-edged sword,
piercing until it divides soul from spirit, joints from marrow; it is
able to judge the thoughts and intentions of the heart. And before him
no creature is hidden, but all are naked and laid bare to the eyes of
the one to whom we must render an account.

Since, then, we have a great high priest who has passed through the
heavens, Jesus, the Son of God, let us hold fast to our confession. For
we do not have a high priest who is unable to sympathize with our
weaknesses, but we have one who in every respect has been tested as we
are, yet without sin. Let us therefore approach the throne of grace with
boldness, so that we may receive mercy and find grace to help in time of
need.

# HOLY GOSPEL (Mark 10: 17-31)

As Jesus was setting out on a journey, a man ran up and knelt before
him, and asked him, 'Good Teacher, what must I do to inherit eternal
life?' Jesus said to him, 'Why do you call me good? No one is good but
God alone. You know the commandments: "You shall not murder; You shall
not commit adultery; You shall not steal; You shall not bear false
witness; You shall not defraud; Honour your father and mother." ' He
said to him, 'Teacher, I have kept all these since my youth.' Jesus,
looking at him, loved him and said, 'You lack one thing; go, sell what
you own, and give the money to the poor, and you will have treasure in
heaven; then come, follow me.' When he heard this, he was shocked and
went away grieving, for he had many possessions.

Then Jesus looked around and said to his disciples, 'How hard it will be
for those who have wealth to enter the kingdom of God!' And the
disciples were perplexed at these words. But Jesus said to them again,
'Children, how hard it is to enter the kingdom of God! It is easier for
a camel to go through the eye of a needle than for someone who is rich
to enter the kingdom of God.' They were greatly astounded and said to
one another, 'Then who can be saved?' Jesus looked at them and said,
'For mortals it is impossible, but not for God; for God all things are
possible.'

Peter began to say to him, 'Look, we have left everything and followed
you.' Jesus said, 'Truly I tell you, there is no one who has left house
or brothers or sisters or mother or father or children or fields, for my
sake and for the sake of the good news, who will not receive a
hundredfold now in this age---houses, brothers and sisters, mothers and
children, and fields, with persecutions---and in the age to come eternal
life. But many who are first will be last, and the last will be first.'

