
***A very warm welcome*** to any new readers, and to visitors and
newcomers to St Michael\'s. A special welcome and thanks to Fr Paul
Matthias, our celebrant this morning, who will also kindly be saying
Mass for us on **Thursday at 10.30 am.** If you are new to St
Michael\'s, do join us in the Vestry Hall after the service, so that we
can welcome you properly.

**Next Sunday is Mothering Sunday** -- also known as Refreshment Sunday.
A good day to think with thanksgiving, not only of our mothers, but of
all those (teachers, godparents, grandparents, other family members,
clergy, older friends\...) who have nurtured us in our Christian lives.
And, of course, all mums and all families are especially welcome at Mass
next Sunday!

**Renewed thanks to Sara and her assistants** for last Sunday\'s
wonderful (and only moderately frugal) Frugal Lunch. Thanks also to
those who contributed so generously to the collection -- over £140 has
now gone to the Maidstone Day Centre Foodbank in Knightrider Street.
Please note: the Foodbank is always delighted to receive donations of
money or food. Online money donations can be made via its website:
homelesscare.org.uk/get-involved.

**Planning is now afoot** to welcome Fr John as our new parish priest,
at his Licensing on Thursday, 21st March, at 7 pm. **Everyone
connected with St Michael\'s is of course invited,** and acceptances
have been coming in from well-wishers in the community, deanery and
diocese, as well as from Fr John\'s previous parish in Maidenhead. We
expect to have well over 100 guests at the reception afterwards in the
Parish Hall. Alison P and Sue M will be happy to receive ideas and
offers of help. **Most important: please be there to take part, and to
show St Michael\'s at its most welcoming!**

**Easter Lilies:** For our Easter flower arrangements, St Michael\'s
people often like to contribute a lily in memory of a loved one. This
year the expected cost of a lily will be about £5 and you are invited to
sign the list at the back of church. Please give your flower money to
Margaret G.

**From Our Tower: Kent County Association, Maidstone, Kent**, St Michael
and All Angels

Friday, 23 February 2024 in 41m (6--1--24 in C)

**1319** **Norfolk Surprise Minor**

Composed by Mark T Elvers

1. Jacqueline Barlow
2. Stephen Coaker
3. Philip Jarvis
4. Mark Elvers
5. Pam Thomas
6. Neil Jones (C)

Remembering David Levick, faithful member of the St Mike\'s Sunday
Service Band (24/2/2021) and Maggie Jones, mother of the conductor, who
would have been 80 yesterday, R.I.P

Sunday, 25 February 2024 in 44m (6--1--24 in C)

**1280** **Yorkshire Surprise Major**

1. Kath White
2. Philip Jarvis
3. Jacqueline Barlow
4. Mark Elvers
5. Emma Jarvis
6. Stephen Coaker
7. Pam Thomas
8. Neil Jones (C)

A 100th birthday compliment to Lucile Corby.

100th together: 2 & 8.

On Good Friday there will be a half-muffled peal -- 9.30 am -- 1pm
approx.

**Bishop Norman** has been a very good and supportive friend to St
Michael\'s. If you would like to make a contribution towards a gift to
mark his retirement, Eleanor will be glad to receive it.

**Advance Notice : the Annual Parochial Church Meeting will take place
on 28th April.**

**Among the Sick,** we pray particularly for Paul, Margaret, Ellie,
Pauline, Rue, Fr Leon, Antony, Fran, Ellie, Tom, Joseph, Peter, Joan,
Margaret, Lindsay, Glynis, Ethan, Sarah, Yvonne, and HM The King.

**Among the Departed,** we remember Brian Landi, Pat Ormerod, Peter
Blagdon-Gamlen, priest.

***Could you pass on this sheet to someone else who might like to see
it?***
