
## Priest-in-Charge Fr John Ainslie ([revjohnainslie@gmail.com](mailto:revjohnainslie@gmail.com); 01628 629827)

**A very warm welcome** to any new readers, and to visitors and
newcomers to St Michael\'s. If you are new to St Michael\'s, do join us
for refreshments in the Vestry Hall after the service so we can welcome
you properly.

**PRAYER REQUEST SLIPS** are available at the back of church if you want
to request prayer for yourself, for someone else or for a particular
situation.

**SERVICES THIS WEEK:** Thursday said Mass at 10.30, **Saturday Mass of
Our Lady 10.30**, both followed by refreshments. Next Sunday Second
Sunday of Advent: Sung Mass 10.30.

**DATES FOR YOUR DIARY:**

**Saturday 7th December: Mass of our Lady in Advent** 10.30am followed
by refreshments.

**Saturday 14th December: Advent Quiet Morning** 10am -- 1pm with Mass
at 12.30. An opportunity to pause for some quiet time in church amidst
the rush and bustle of preparations for Christmas.

**Sunday 22nd December: Traditional Service of Carols and Readings
with augmented choir, 4pm**, followed by mulled wine / non-alcoholic
equivalent and mince pies. All Welcome.

**Christmas Eve: Crib Service at 4pm**, All Welcome, especially
families.

**Midnight Mass: 11.30pm on Christmas Eve.**

**Christmas Morning: Sung Mass at 10.30am**

**"A Christmas Miscellany" --** Seasonal Music and Readings, St Andrews
Church, Friday 6th December 7.30pm. Retiring collection for the Heart
of Kent Hospice and St Andrews church.

**ADVENT READING:** Advent, along with Lent, is a time when we are
encouraged to do some extra reading, prayer and contemplation in
preparation for the coming celebration -- in the case of Advent, the
celebration of the Incarnation of God in Christ at Bethlehem which we
celebrate at Christmas. To encourage and assist with this.....

**I have put a collection of booklets, daily prayers and readings for
Advent, and other Advent books at Back of Church for you to take home,
borrow, and use during this Advent season.**

**FOR OUR PRAYERS:** We pray for regularity and discipline in personal
prayer and study through this season of Advent, that we would arrive at
the Crib of Jesus at Christmas fully ready to worship and adore our Lord
and Maker, our Saviour and our Redeemer. We pray for continuing efforts
towards peace in the world, and we pray for Sudan, a place of great
suffering which doesn't always hit the headlines. We pray for, and give
thanks for, those who bring care, shelter and food to the needy and the
homeless in our town of Maidstone, especially Maidstone Homeless Care
and Making A Difference Maidstone. We pray for the Heart of Kent Hospice
and all involved in hospice and palliative care.

**We pray for those in need**, and especially Paul Jones, Glynis
Reynolds, Yvonne Young, Jessica O'Sullivan, Lindsay Wheeler, Martyn
Nash, Fran, Ellie Tomlinson, Sara Dray, Robert Hill, Michael, Alan,
Beryl Haigh, David Green and Terry Barnard.

**We pray for the recently departed**. We remember those who have
faithfully served God in this Church in previous generations, and we
pray for those whose year's mind occurs this week: Thomas David Barlow,
Dorothy Bagnall, Sefton Eates.

**FROM THE BELLTOWER:** Friday, 22 November 2024 **1272 Cambridge Surprise
Minor** 1 Susan Clements 2 Charlotte Elvers 3 Jacqueline Barlow 4 Mark
Elvers 5 Kath White 6 Neil Jones (C)

With best wishes to Terry Barnard.
