**THIRD SUNDAY OF EASTER Hymns: NEH 111, 296, 121, 124**

**FIRST READING Acts 3.12-19** When Peter saw it, he addressed the
people, 'You Israelites, why do you wonder at this, or why do you stare
at us, as though by our own power or piety we had made him walk? The God
of Abraham, the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob, the God of our
ancestors has glorified his servant Jesus, whom you handed over and
rejected in the presence of Pilate, though he had decided to release
him. But you rejected the Holy and Righteous One and asked to have a
murderer given to you, and you killed the Author of life, whom God
raised from the dead. To this we are witnesses. And by faith in his
name, his name itself has made this man strong, whom you see and know;
and the faith that is through Jesus has given him this perfect health in
the presence of all of you. 'And now, friends, I know that you acted in
ignorance, as did also your rulers. In this way God fulfilled what he
had foretold through all the prophets, that his Messiah would suffer.
Repent therefore, and turn to God so that your sins may be wiped out.'

**RESPONSORIAL PSALM 4**

Response: Lift up the light of your countenance upon us, O Lord.

1 Answer me when I call, O God, defender of my cause;  
you set me free when I am hard-pressed; have mercy on me and hear my  
prayer.

2 'You mortals, how long will you dishonour my glory;  
how long will you worship dumb idols and run after false gods?**R**  

3 Know that the Lord does wonders for the faithful;  
when I call upon the Lord, he will hear me.  

4 Tremble, then, and do not sin;  
speak to your heart in silence upon your bed.**R**  

5 Offer the appointed sacrifices  
and put your trust in the Lord.  

6 Many are saying, 'O that we might see better times!'  
Lift up the light of your countenance upon us, O Lord**R**  

7 You have put gladness in my heart,  
more than when grain and wine and oil increase.  

8 I lie down in peace; at once I fall asleep;  
for only you, Lord, make me dwell in safety.**R**  

**SECOND READING 1 John 3.1-7** See what love the Father has given us,
that we should be called children of God; and that is what we are. The
reason the world does not know us is that it did not know him. Beloved,
we are God's children now; what we will be has not yet been revealed.
What we do know is this: when he is revealed, we will be like him, for
we will see him as he is. And all who have this hope in him purify
themselves, just as he is pure. Everyone who commits sin is guilty of
lawlessness; sin is lawlessness. You know that he was revealed to take
away sins, and in him there is no sin. No one who abides in him sins; no
one who sins has either seen him or known him. Little children, let no
one deceive you. Everyone who does what is right is righteous, just as
he is righteous.

**GOSPEL Luke 24.36b-48** Jesus himself stood among them and said to
them, 'Peace be with you.' They were startled and terrified, and thought
that they were seeing a ghost. He said to them, 'Why are you frightened,
and why do doubts arise in your hearts? Look at my hands and my feet;
see that it is I myself. Touch me and see; for a ghost does not have
flesh and bones as you see that I have.' And when he had said this, he
showed them his hands and his feet. While in their joy they were
disbelieving and still wondering, he said to them, 'Have you anything
here to eat?' They gave him a piece of broiled fish, and he took it and
ate in their presence. Then he said to them, 'These are my words that I
spoke to you while I was still with you---that everything written about
me in the law of Moses, the prophets, and the psalms must be fulfilled.'
Then he opened their minds to understand the scriptures, and he said to
them, 'Thus it is written, that the Messiah is to suffer and to rise
from the dead on the third day, and that repentance and forgiveness of
sins is to be proclaimed in his name to all nations, beginning from
Jerusalem. You are witnesses of these things.

***NEWS FROM ST MICHAEL\'S***

**Priest-in-Charge Fr John Ainslie (revjohnainslie@gmail.com; 01628 629827)**

***A very warm welcome*** to any new readers, and to visitors and
newcomers to St Michael\'s. If you are new to St Michael\'s, do join us
for refreshments in the Vestry Hall after the service, so that we can
welcome you properly.

**April 28th is the date of our Annual Meeting.** This falls into two
parts -- the Annual Meeting for the Election of Churchwardens and the
Annual Parochial Church Meeting -- and will take place immediately after
Mass. Elections at the Parochial Church Meeting include those of Deanery
Synod members and PCC members. Are you willing to serve, or can you
encourage someone else? Nomination forms will be found at the back of
the church; please hand completed forms to Jonathan or Eleanor. This is
a time to take stock of the past year (some of the reports will be
circulated in advance) and to think about our visions and hopes for the
future of St Michael\'s.

**This year\'s Week of Accompanied Prayer** in Maidstone Deanery ("A
Retreat in Everyday Life") will take place at St Martin\'s Church,
Northumberland Road, from 2nd to 8th June. Information and
Application Forms from Doreen Rendell -- <djrendell@gmail.com>.

**From our Tower:**[Kent County Association](https://bb.ringingworld.co.uk/performances-report.php?association_id=19&year=2024)
[Maidstone, Kent](https://dove.cccbr.org.uk/tower/12644#_blank): St Michael and All Angels

Sunday, 31 March 2024 in 42m (6--1--24 in C)

**1344 Double Norwich Court Bob Major**

1. Mark Elvers
2. Rupert Cheeseman
3. Paul Barton
4. Philip Jarvis
5. Jacqueline Barlow
6. Emma Jarvis
7. Stephen Coaker
8. Neil Jones (C)
Jesus Christ is risen today. Alleluia!

Friday, 5 April 2024 in 41m (6--1--24 in C)

**1271 Outwell Surprise Minor**

[Composed by Mark T Elvers](https://bb.ringingworld.co.uk/comp.php?id=2296800)

1. Stephen Coaker
2. Jacqueline Barlow
3. Janice Byrne
4. Mark Elvers
5. Pam Thomas
6. Neil Jones (C)

Rung on Easter Friday.

Sunday, 7 April 2024 in 39m (6--1--24 in C)

**1280 Uxbridge Surprise Major**

1. Philip Jarvis
2. Janice Byrne
3. Paul Barton
4. Mark Elvers
5. Jacqueline Barlow
6. Pam Thomas
7. Mike Birkbeck
8. Neil Jones (C)

A birthday compliment to Betsy Piercey (6th April).

Rung on Divine Mercy Sunday (2nd Sunday of Easter)

**The Lambeth Call on "Safe Church"** is the topic of a webinar taking
place on 17th and 18th April, which will introduce the resources
developed by the Safe Church Commission and consider how good
safeguarding practices can be embedded in the life of a local church.
Bookings can be made via
<https://www.lambethconference.org/safe-church-and-the-work-of-the-safe-church-commission-will-be-the-focus-of-next-lambeth-call-discussions/>.

**Among the sick, we remember particularly:** Paul, Margaret, Ellie,
Pauline, Rue, Fr Leon, Antony, Fran, Ellie, Tom, Joseph, Peter, Joan,
Margaret, Lindsay, Glynis, Ethan, Sarah, Yvonne, Jessica, HM The King
and Catherine, Princess of Wales.

**And among the departed:** Janet O\'Sullivan, Peggy Piers-Jones,
Jonathan Locke, Monica Boyles.

***Could you pass this sheet on to someone else who might like to see it?***
