
## Priest-in-Charge Fr John Ainslie ([revjohnainslie@gmail.com](mailto:revjohnainslie@gmail.com); 01628 629827)

**A very warm welcome** to any new readers, and to visitors and
newcomers to St Michael\'s. If you are new to St Michael\'s, do join us
for refreshments in the Vestry Hall after the service so we can welcome
you properly.

**PRAYER REQUEST SLIPS** are available at the back of church if you want
to request prayer for yourself, for someone else or for a particular
situation.

**SERVICES THIS WEEK:** Thursday - Mass at 10.30am; Saturday 4th
January - Mass of Our Lady 10.30am; next Sunday is the Feast of the
Epiphany -- Sung Mass at 10.30am. All services followed by tea, coffee
and refreshments.

**CHRISTMAS THANK-YOU.** A very big Thank You to all who supported our
Christmas services in whatever way -- but particularly those who
cleaned, dressed, and decorated the church so beautifully; those who
welcomed at the door; Malcolm our organist and the choir, who sang
marvellously across many services in a short period of time; and those
who arranged, prepared and served refreshments including the fantastic
hospitality after our Service of Nine Lessons and Carols. Thank you all
so much. And Thank You to all who attended our Christmas Services -- I
do hope you found them moving and uplifting and found within them a
glimpse of the love and blessing of God.

**COLLECTIONS AT CAROL SERVICE AND CRIB SERVICE.** I am delighted that
the collections for Maidstone Homeless Care have totalled £264-46 (Nine
Lessons and Carols £189.91, Crib Service £74.55).

**THE CRIB.** Our Crib in church is particularly beautiful and
evocative. It is sited near the entrance to the Ascension Chapel, and I
suggest that you find an opportunity to spend a little time whilst in
church to pray and contemplate at the Crib. If you stand by the Crib and
look, you are gazing in on the scene. But, as I discovered to my
amazement after our Christmas Morning Mass, if you kneel at the prayer
desk you are on a level with the figures in the scene -- and you are
immediately drawn into the Crib to be alongside Mary and Joseph and the
Christ Child. I urge you to experience that for yourself. I have placed
a small number of prayers by the Crib that you might like to use.

**CHRISTMAS CARDS.** At the end of Mass on Christmas Day I noticed there
were a number of Christmas Cards left at the back of church for named
individuals. Do please look when you are next in church in case there
are Christmas Greetings for you waiting to be collected.

**FOR OUR PRAYERS:** We pray for Malcolm and our choir, and give thanks
for their contribution to our Christmas Services. For our team of
sidespeople and welcomers, and those who provide and arrange flowers and
decorations in Church. For peace across the Holy Land and the Middle
East. For all families, for the homeless and for refugees. For the work
of Maidstone Homeless Care, for staff, volunteers and clients.

**We pray for those in need**, and especially Paul Jones, Glynis
Reynolds, Yvonne Young, Jessica O'Sullivan, Lindsay Wheeler, Martyn
Nash, Fran, Ellie Tomlinson, Sara Dray, Robert Hill, Michael, Alan,
Beryl Haigh, David Green.

**We pray for the recently departed**. We remember those who have
faithfully served God in this Church in previous generations, and we
pray for those whose year's mind occurs this week: Elsey Clark, Phillip
Storr-Venter (Pr), Douglas Vaughan.

**FROM THE BELLTOWER:** Sunday, 22 December **1287 Grandsire Triples**
1 Jane L Kostelnyk 2 Mike Birkbeck 3 Jacqueline Barlow 4 Emma Jarvis 5
Philip Jarvis 6 Rupert Cheeseman 7 Neil Jones (C) 8 Mark Elvers

Rung on the 4th Sunday of Advent prior to the Carol Service.
