
## Priest-in-Charge Fr John Ainslie ([revjohnainslie@gmail.com](mailto:revjohnainslie@gmail.com); 01628 629827)

**A very warm welcome** to any new readers, and to visitors and
newcomers to St Michael\'s. If you are new to St Michael\'s, do join us
for refreshments in the Vestry Hall after the service, so we can welcome
you properly.

**If you would like to receive *St Michael's News* by email, or to
request a conversation with a priest, please fill in an email request
form at back of church and leave in the postbox, or hand it to Fr
John.**

**PRAYER REQUEST SLIPS** are available at the back of church if you want
to request prayer for yourself, for someone else or for a particular
situation.

**SERVICES THIS WEEK:** Thursday Mass at 10.30am followed by
refreshments.

**NEXT SUNDAY 10th NOVEMBER IS REMEMBRANCE SUNDAY.** Do join us for
our annual Service of Remembrance at 10.30am, including the Two Minutes
Silence.

**Our CHRISTMAS MARKET will be on SATURDAY 30TH NOVEMBER 11am - 3pm.**
We are looking for donations towards our stalls, including crafts, books
& jigsaws; also small gifts for the children's grotto, and raffle
prizes. There is a box at the Back of Church for donations, or speak to
Catherine Garland or Eleanor.

**CARE FOR THE ENVIRONMENT.** Please pray for international efforts on
the important issues of Climate Change and Biodiversity Loss. The UN COP
conference on Biodiversity has just ended, and the UN COP conference on
Climate Change begins on 11th November. It is notable how little
coverage the conferences are getting this year, but these are matters
that will seriously affect the lives of our children and grandchildren.

**To check what we can each do to help.....MAIDSTONE ECO-HUB 26 Oct - 9
Nov, The Mall Shopping Centre\
**Now in its third year, the pop-up community information centre in The
Mall helps support people live more sustainably, save money and reduce
their carbon footprint. Why not drop in and see what's possible?

**NOVEMBER** is a month when we remember the departed -- we prayed for
our departed loved ones a few days ago at our All Souls Service, and
next week we will remember those who have died in war. So this is a good
time to remind you of the Christian Duty to ease the strain on your
relatives by making sure you have an up to date Will, and all your
affairs are in order. Every Priest will also tell you that leaving a
record of your funeral wishes, in as much detail as possible, is also a
great help to those who are left behind. The way in which you plan your
funeral can become a statement to those who will attend of how much your
faith has meant to you, and how large a part God has played in your
life. Of course, you will want to have the prayers of the Church at your
funeral -- but beware, if your family is unaccustomed to church things,
they may opt for a dummed-down version as being "easiest for everyone".
Not what you might have wished for! If you would like help with
planning, let me know, and if you would like the Priest at St Michael's
to keep safe and secure your funeral wishes ready for when the time
comes, that can easily be done.

**FOR OUR PRAYERS:** For our PCC meeting on Thursday. For the building
of peace between nations, and especially the protection of innocent
lives. For those struggling to bring up children in war zones, and those
seeking to bring food, water and healthcare. For the success of the UN
conferences on biodiversity and climate change, and for those affected
by climate change, intense weather events and rising sea levels.

**We pray for those in need**, and especially Paul Jones, Glynis
Reynolds, Yvonne Young, Jessica O'Sullivan, Lindsay Wheeler, Martyn
Nash, Fran, Keanna, Ellie Tomlinson, Sara Dray, Robert Hill and Michael.

**We pray for the recently departed**. We remember those who have
faithfully served God in this Church in previous generations, and we
pray for those whose year's mind occurs this week: Margaret Turner, Myra
Lury, Betty Landi, John Richards (Bishop).

**FROM THE BELLTOWER:** Monday, 28 October 2024
**5024 Cambridge Surprise Major** composed by J S Warboys

1 Christopher C P Woodcock 2 Ian H Oram 3 Jacqueline M Barlow 4 Paul
Sharp 5 Anne L Rueff 6 Stephen R T Pocock 7 Stephen Coaker (C) 8 John B
Keeler

Remembering Tom Barlow and Tony Lewis
