
**Priest-in-Charge Fr John Ainslie (**<revjohnainslie@gmail.com>**;
01628 629827)**

*A very warm welcome* to any new readers, and to visitors and newcomers
to St Michael\'s. If you are new to St Michael\'s, do join us for
refreshments in the Vestry Hall after the service, so that we can
welcome you properly.

***Our Services in the coming week:*** Thursday -- Mass at 10.30 am;
Sunday -- Mass at 10.30 am.

**Thursday is the Feast of the Ascension of the Lord:**

Yes, and Christ ***Ascended*** too,  
To prepare a place for you;  
So we give Him special praise  
After those Great Forty Days.  

**Annual Church Meetings.**  Thank you to all those who participated in
the St Michael\'s Annual Church Meetings after Mass last Sunday.  At the
meetings Jonathan Ardley and William Danes-Volkov were elected as
Churchwardens for the year 2024/5.  We are most grateful to Jonathan and
William for agreeing to take on these responsibilities, and we give
thanks for all that Jonathan has done as Churchwarden last year.  Paul
Jones and William Danes-Volkov will now be representing us on the
Deanery Synod. Sara Dray has resigned from the PCC, though thankfully is
masterminding our Summer Fair on 15th June. We welcome Lee Derbyshire as
a new member of the PCC, duly elected.  We give thanks to Nelly for her
work as PCC Treasurer last year, and for her willingness to be appointed
again as our Treasurer for 2024/5.  William Danes-Volkov is continuing
in post as our Parish Safeguarding Officer, and the PCC has appointed
Lee Derbyshire as Parish Disclosure Officer to handle DBS checks on its
behalf.  My thanks to all of you who serve our church of St Michael and
All Angels in whatever capacity.  Fr John.

**More thanks:** We are most grateful to Fr John, who is very generously
providing a monstrance for use at St Michael\'s. For the first time in
its history we will be able to use our own monstrance for Corpus Christi
and for services of Benediction (we had previously had to borrow one). 
We shall see our new monstrance in action on Corpus Christi, the feast
on which we give particular thanks to our Lord for His presence with us
in the holy Eucharist. Thank you, Fr John!

**Our Summer Fun Day will take place on June 15th\ **and will be
masterminded by Sara -- thank you, Sara! It will have a predominantly
Garden theme, but with a Royal dimension as it coincides with the
King\'s Birthday. Ideas along these lines, and offers of help or
publicity, will be most welcome. Please speak to Sara at church, or on
07837 919761.

**A blessed Easter to our Orthodox guests!** The Eastern church is
celebrating Easter today, and this weekend St Michael\'s has been the
venue for a Romanian Orthodox congregation to celebrate Good Friday and
Holy Saturday -- leaving at 5 am and taking with them our warm Easter
greetings.

**From Our Tower:**

**Kent County Association,** [**Maidstone**,
Kent](https://dove.cccbr.org.uk/tower/12644#_blank): St Michael and All
Angels

Friday, 3 May 2024 in 42m (6--1--24 in C)

**1295 Queen\'s Gate Surprise Minor**

[Composed by Mark T Elvers](https://bb.ringingworld.co.uk/comp.php?id=2297282)

1. Jacqueline Barlow
2. Janice Byrne
3. Philip Jarvis
4. Mark Elvers
5. Pam Thomas
6. Neil Jones (C)

Remembering Pat Barton, May 2022, R.I.P. Rung half-muffled during the
Romanian Orthodox Triduum, taking place at St Michael\'s over the 3 days
of their Easter.

**Jacqui\'s stamp box:** The contents of this will now go to the Royal
National institute for the Blind. People don\'t send as many letters as
once they did, and stamps - especially from overseas - are much
appreciated. Try to leave half an inch of envelope around your stamp!

**Please pray for....** All people in positions of responsibility,
particularly our newly elected local councillors, and those newly
elected and re-elected as our Churchwardens and PCC members.

**Among the sick, we pray particularly for:** Paul, Margaret, Ellie,
Pauline, Rue, Fr Leon, Antony, Fran, Ellie, Tom, Joseph, Peter, Joan,
Margaret, Lindsay, Glynis, Ethan, Sarah, Yvonne, Jessica, HM The King,
with thanksgiving for his return to public duties, and Catherine,
Princess of Wales.

**.....And among the departed:** Doris Copperwheat, Patricia Osborne,
Sandy Mackenzie and Patricia Barton.
