Hymns NEH 334, 427, 300, 368

# FIRST READING (Exodus 16: 2-4, 9-15)

## reading from the book of Exodus.

The whole congregation of the Israelites complained against Moses and
Aaron in the wilderness. The Israelites said to them, 'If only we had
died by the hand of the Lord in the land of Egypt, when we sat by the
fleshpots and ate our fill of bread; for you have brought us out into
this wilderness to kill this whole assembly with hunger.'

Then the Lord said to Moses, 'I am going to rain bread from heaven for
you, and each day the people shall go out and gather enough for that
day. In that way I will test them, whether they will follow my
instruction or not.

Then Moses said to Aaron, 'Say to the whole congregation of the
Israelites, "Draw near to the Lord, for he has heard your
complaining." ' And as Aaron spoke to the whole congregation of the
Israelites, they looked towards the wilderness, and the glory of
the Lord appeared in the cloud. The Lord spoke to Moses and said, 'I
have heard the complaining of the Israelites; say to them, "At twilight
you shall eat meat, and in the morning you shall have your fill of
bread; then you shall know that I am the Lord your God." '

In the evening quails came up and covered the camp; and in the morning
there was a layer of dew around the camp. When the layer of dew lifted,
there on the surface of the wilderness was a fine flaky substance, as
fine as frost on the ground. When the Israelites saw it, they said to
one another, 'What is it?' For they did not know what it was. Moses said
to them, 'It is the bread that the Lord has given you to eat.

# RESPONSORIAL PSALM (From Ps 78)

## Response: The Lord gave them bread from heaven.

1\. The things we have heard and understood,\
the things our fathers have told us,\
we will tell to the next generation:\
the glories of the Lord and his might. ***R.***

2\. He commanded the clouds above,\
and opened the gates of heaven.\
He rained down manna for their food,\
and gave them bread from heaven. ***R.***

3\. Mere men ate the bread of angels.\
He sent them abundance of food.\
He brought them to his holy land,\
to the mountain which his right hand had won. ***R.***

# SECOND READING (Ephesians 4: 1-16)

## A reading from the letter of St Paul to the Ephesians.

I therefore, the prisoner in the Lord, beg you to lead a life worthy of
the calling to which you have been called, with all humility and
gentleness, with patience, bearing with one another in love, making
every effort to maintain the unity of the Spirit in the bond of
peace. There is one body and one Spirit, just as you were called to the
one hope of your calling, one Lord, one faith, one baptism, one God and
Father of all, who is above all and through all and in all.

But each of us was given grace according to the measure of Christ's
gift. Therefore it is said,\
'When he ascended on high he made captivity itself a captive;\
   he gave gifts to his people.'\
(When it says, 'He ascended', what does it mean but that he had also
descended into the lower parts of the earth? He who descended is the
same one who ascended far above all the heavens, so that he might fill
all things.) The gifts he gave were that some would be apostles, some
prophets, some evangelists, some pastors and teachers, to equip the
saints for the work of ministry, for building up the body of
Christ, until all of us come to the unity of the faith and of the
knowledge of the Son of God, to maturity, to the measure of the full
stature of Christ. We must no longer be children, tossed to and fro and
blown about by every wind of doctrine, by people's trickery, by their
craftiness in deceitful scheming. But speaking the truth in love, we
must grow up in every way into him who is the head, into Christ, from
whom the whole body, joined and knitted together by every ligament with
which it is equipped, as each part is working properly, promotes the
body's growth in building itself up in love.

# HOLY GOSPEL (John 6: 24-35)

So when the crowd saw that neither Jesus nor his disciples were there,
they themselves got into the boats and went to Capernaum looking for
Jesus.

When they found him on the other side of the lake, they said to him,
'Rabbi, when did you come here?' Jesus answered them, 'Very truly, I
tell you, you are looking for me, not because you saw signs, but because
you ate your fill of the loaves. Do not work for the food that perishes,
but for the food that endures for eternal life, which the Son of Man
will give you. For it is on him that God the Father has set his
seal.' Then they said to him, 'What must we do to perform the works of
God?' Jesus answered them, 'This is the work of God, that you believe in
him whom he has sent.' So they said to him, 'What sign are you going to
give us then, so that we may see it and believe you? What work are you
performing? Our ancestors ate the manna in the wilderness; as it is
written, "He gave them bread from heaven to eat." ' Then Jesus said to
them, 'Very truly, I tell you, it was not Moses who gave you the bread
from heaven, but it is my Father who gives you the true bread from
heaven. For the bread of God is that which comes down from heaven and
gives life to the world.' They said to him, 'Sir, give us this bread
always.'

Jesus said to them, 'I am the bread of life. Whoever comes to me will
never be hungry, and whoever believes in me will never be thirsty.

# NEWS FROM ST MICHAEL'S

## Priest-in-Charge Fr John Ainslie ([revjohnainslie@gmail.com](mailto:revjohnainslie@gmail.com); 01628 629827)

**A very warm welcome** to any new readers, and to visitors and
newcomers to St Michael's. If you are new to St Michael's, do join us
for refreshments in the Vestry Hall after the service, so we can welcome
you properly.

**PRAYER REQUEST SLIPS** are available at the back of church if you want
to request prayer for yourself, for someone else or for a particular
situation.

**SERVICES THIS WEEK:** Thursday Mass at 10.30am (The Transfiguration).
Next Sunday Sung Mass 10.30am.

**FEAST OF THE TRANSFIGURATION** falls on Tuesday, and we will keep it
at our Thursday Mass. This important Feast of Our Lord recalls the event
when Jesus took his closest disciples onto a mountain, where they saw
him transfigured in glory, accompanied by Moses and Elijah (representing
the OT Law and the Prophets) and his Father's voice proclaimed: "This is
my Son, my Chosen One; listen to him!" Read the full story in Luke
9:28-36.

**SAINTS FOR THIS WEEK:** Amongst other Saints Days this week, Monday
celebrates the 7th Century **St Oswald of Northumbria, King and
Martyr**. From a Royal, and Christian, family, Oswald was baptised by
Columba's monks whilst in exile on Iona, and on his return took with him
St Aidan, who he established as the first Bishop of Lindisfarne, giving
him Holy Island as his base. The two worked to establish Northumbria as
a Christian kingdom, and Bede in his *Ecclesiastical History of the
English People* tells how Oswald accompanied Aidan on his missionary
journeys across the region and acted as his translator as Aidan knew
little of the local language. Oswald was known for his humility and
generosity. He died in 642 defending his kingdom from attack by the
pagan tribes of Mercia.

On Friday the Anglican Communion remembers **Mary Sumner**, Founder in
1876 of the Mothers' Union in the Church of England, which has grown
into an international Christian organisation supporting family life and
the bringing up of children in the Christian faith.

**Date for your diaries: MASS OF OUR LADY OF WALSINGHAM --Saturday
17th August at 10.30am, followed by a meeting of the St Michael's Cell
of OLW.**

**FOR OUR PRAYERS:** We pray for a peaceful resolution of tensions in
the Middle East and an end to the war in Gaza; for tolerance between
communities and faiths in our own country and relief from mob violence;
for all those affected by the tragic events in Southport, especially
those injured or bereaved, and we give thanks for the many acts of love
and practical kindness following the attack; we pray for family life,
that children would be safe, know themselves to be loved and cared for,
and would grow up learning about the Christian faith.

**We pray for all those in need**, and especially Paul Jones, Glynis
Reynolds, Yvonne Young, Jessica O'Sullivan, Ellie Pointer, Rue McGeouch,
Frank Carr, Lindsay Wheeler, Peter Rowe, William Danes-Volkov, Martyn
Nash, Lisa Thompset, Fran, Keanna, Ellie Tomlinson and Claire Goodwin.

**We pray for the recently departed**, including Elsie, Bebe and Alice,
the three girls who died in the attack in Southport. We remember those
who have faithfully served God in this place in previous generations,
and pray for those who's year's mind occurs this week: Bishop Anthony
Bloom, Mollie Mason, Doreen Dukes.
