**MOTHERING SUNDAY Hymns 185, 188, 161, 286**

**FIRST READING 1Samuel 1.20-28.** Hannah conceived and bore a son. She
named him Samuel, for she said, 'I have asked him of the LORD.'

The man Elkanah and all his household went up to offer to the LORD the
yearly sacrifice, and to pay his vow.

But Hannah did not go up, for she said to her husband, 'As soon as the
child is weaned, I will bring him, that he may appear in the presence of
the LORD, and remain there for ever; I will offer him as a nazirite for
all time.'

Her husband Elkanah said to her, 'Do what seems best to you, wait until
you have weaned him; only -- may the LORD establish his word.'

So the woman remained and nursed her son, until she weaned him. When she
had weaned him, she took him up with her, along with a three-year-old
bull, an ephah of flour, and a skin of wine. She brought him to the
house of the LORD at Shiloh; and the child was young. Then they
slaughtered the bull, and they brought the child to Eli.

And she said, 'Oh, my lord! As you live, my lord, I am the woman who was
standing here in your presence, praying to the LORD. For this child I
prayed; and the LORD has granted me the petition that I made to him.
Therefore I have lent him to the LORD; as long as he lives, he is given
to the LORD.' She left him there for the LORD.

**Responsorial Psalm 127.1--4 *R It is the Lord who builds the house.***

Unless the Lord builds the house,their labour is in vain who build it.

Unless the Lord watches over the city, in vain the guard keeps
vigil.*** R***

It is in vain that you rise so early and go to bed so late;

vain, too, to eat the bread of toil, for he gives to his belov√®d sleep.
***R***

Children are a heritage from the Lord, and the fruit of the womb is a
gift***. R***

**SECOND READING Colossians 3. 12-17** As God's chosen ones, holy and
beloved, clothe yourselves with compassion, kindness, humility,
meekness, and patience. Bear with one another and, if anyone has a
complaint against another, forgive each other; just as the Lord has
forgiven you, so you also must forgive. Above all, clothe yourselves
with love, which binds everything together in perfect harmony. And let
the peace of Christ rule in your hearts, to which indeed you were called
in the one body. And be thankful.

Let the word of Christ dwell in you richly; teach and admonish one
another in all wisdom; and with gratitude in your hearts sing psalms,
hymns, and spiritual songs to God. And whatever you do, in word or deed,
do everything in the name of the Lord Jesus, giving thanks to God the
Father through him.

**GOSPEL John 19.25b-27** Standing near the cross of Jesus were his
mother, and his mother's sister, Mary the wife of Clopas, and Mary
Magdalene. When Jesus saw his mother and the disciple whom he loved
standing beside her, he said to his mother, 'Woman, here is your son.'
Then he said to the disciple, 'Here is your mother.'

And from that hour the disciple took her into his own home.

