Hymns NEH 420, 383, 74, 361

**St Michael and All Angels -- a Parish under the Patronage of Our Lady
of Walsingham**

# FIRST READING (Deut. 4: 1-2, 6-9)

## A reading from the book of Deuteronomy.

So now, Israel, give heed to the statutes and ordinances that I am
teaching you to observe, so that you may live to enter and occupy the
land that the Lord, the God of your ancestors, is giving you. You must
neither add anything to what I command you nor take away anything from
it, but keep the commandments of the Lord your God with which I am
charging you. You must observe them diligently, for this will show your
wisdom and discernment to the peoples, who, when they hear all these
statutes, will say, 'Surely this great nation is a wise and discerning
people!' For what other great nation has a god so near to it as
the Lord our God is whenever we call to him? And what other great nation
has statutes and ordinances as just as this entire law that I am setting
before you today?

But take care and watch yourselves closely, so as neither to forget the
things that your eyes have seen nor to let them slip from your mind all
the days of your life; make them known to your children and your
children's children---

# RESPONSORIAL PSALM (From Ps 15)

## Response: The just will live in the presence of the Lord.

1\. Lord, who shall dwell on your holy mountain?  
He who walks without fault,  
he who acts with justice  
and speaks the truth from his heart. ***R.***

2\. He who does no wrong to his brother,  
he who casts no slur on his neighbour,  
who holds the godless in disdain,  
but honours those who fear the Lord. ***R.***

3\. He who keeps his pledge come what may;  
who takes no interest on a loan  
and accepts no bribes against the innocent.  
Such a man will stand firm for ever. ***R.***

# SECOND READING (James 1: 17-end)

## A reading from the letter of James.

Every generous act of giving, with every perfect gift, is from above,
coming down from the Father of lights, with whom there is no variation
or shadow due to change. In fulfilment of his own purpose he gave us
birth by the word of truth, so that we would become a kind of first
fruits of his creatures.

You must understand this, my beloved: let everyone be quick to listen,
slow to speak, slow to anger; for your anger does not produce God's
righteousness. Therefore rid yourselves of all sordidness and rank
growth of wickedness, and welcome with meekness the implanted word that
has the power to save your souls.

But be doers of the word, and not merely hearers who deceive
themselves. For if any are hearers of the word and not doers, they are
like those who look at themselves in a mirror; for they look at
themselves and, on going away, immediately forget what they were
like. But those who look into the perfect law, the law of liberty, and
persevere, being not hearers who forget but doers who act---they will be
blessed in their doing.

If any think they are religious, and do not bridle their tongues but
deceive their hearts, their religion is worthless. Religion that is pure
and undefiled before God, the Father, is this: to care for orphans and
widows in their distress, and to keep oneself unstained by the world.

# HOLY GOSPEL (Mark 7: 1-8, 14-15, 21-23)

Now when the Pharisees and some of the scribes who had come from
Jerusalem gathered around him, they noticed that some of his disciples
were eating with defiled hands, that is, without washing them. (For the
Pharisees, and all the Jews, do not eat unless they thoroughly wash
their hands, thus observing the tradition of the elders; and they do not
eat anything from the market unless they wash it; and there are also
many other traditions that they observe, the washing of cups, pots, and
bronze kettles.) So the Pharisees and the scribes asked him, 'Why do
your disciples not live according to the tradition of the elders, but
eat with defiled hands?' He said to them, 'Isaiah prophesied rightly
about you hypocrites, as it is written "This people honours me with
their lips, but their hearts are far from me; in vain do they worship
me, teaching human precepts as doctrines." You abandon the commandment
of God and hold to human tradition.'

Then he called the crowd again and said to them, 'Listen to me, all of
you, and understand: there is nothing outside a person that by going in
can defile, but the things that come out are what defile.' For it is
from within, from the human heart, that evil intentions come:
fornication, theft, murder, adultery, avarice, wickedness, deceit,
licentiousness, envy, slander, pride, folly. All these evil things come
from within, and they defile a person.'

