
Priest-in-Charge Fr John Ainslie
([revjohnainslie@gmail.com](mailto:revjohnainslie@gmail.com);
01628 629827)

A very warm welcome to any new readers, and to visitors and
newcomers to St Michael's. If you are new to St Michael's, do join us
for refreshments in the Vestry Hall after the service, so we can welcome
you properly.

**SERVICES THIS WEEK:** Mass on Thursday at 10.30am (St James the
Apostle). Next Sunday Sung Mass for Trinity 8 at 10.30am.

**SAINTS FOR THIS WEEK:** This week the Church celebrates the Festivals
of two Saints from New Testament times:

Monday is the Festival of **St Mary Magdalene**, who features in all
four Gospels. She is assumed to be from Magdala, just north of Tiberias
on the Western shore of Lake Galilee. She received healing from Jesus
and became a faithful disciple, being amongst the faithful women who
stayed besides the cross at Jesus' crucifixion. All four Gospels record
that Mary Magdalene discovered the empty tomb on Easter morning --
"Early on the first day of the week, while it was still dark, Mary
Magdalene came to the tomb and saw that the stone had been removed from
the tomb." She was privileged with the first appearance of the Risen
Lord, who sent her to take the news to the other disciples -- hence the
early Church gave her the title of "Apostle to the Apostles" (Apostle
meaning "one who is sent").

Thursday is the Feast Day of **St James the Apostle**, Galilean
fisherman and brother of John. Peter, James and John were amongst the
closest of Jesus' disciples. A leader of the early Church, he was
martyred by Herod Agrippa in the year 44 in a vain attempt to stem the
growth of Christianity.

**NEXT SUNDAY - BBQ:** Next Sunday afternoon 28th July we are joining
with our friends at St Michael's Harbledown for a BBQ on starting at
3pm and ending with a lovely service of Evensong and Benediction at
6pm. I hope that as many of us as possible will be able to go, using
car-share to ease the burden of driving, and treating this as an
opportunity for a very enjoyable Parish outing together -- food,
friends, a beautiful church and lovely worship. It would be good to know
if you plan to go: there is a sign-up sheet at the back of Church.

**SUMMER FUN DAY -- FINAL TOTAL:** I am delighted to say that the total
raised at our Summer Fun day was in excess of Â£900. A fantastic result,
well done to all who contributed or visited us for the Fun Day.

**PRAYER REQUEST SLIPS** are available at the back of church if you want
to request prayer for yourself, for someone else or for a particular
situation. Prayers may be offered either by a Priest privately or
included in our regular intercessions in church (in which case names
will be prayed for at Mass on Sundays and Thursdays).

**FOR OUR PRAYERS:** This week we pray for our schoolchildren,
especially at St Michael's Primary and Junior schools, as they come
towards the end of another school year. May they have a safe and
enjoyable summer break, and we pray for those children who will be
starting a new school in September. We pray for all the staff of the
schools that they too may find refreshment and relaxation at the end of
a busy year. In our Church life, we pray for growth in faith and
discipleship, and for growth in numbers as new people find a welcome
among us to join our worship and serve the Lord.

We pray for all those in need, and especially Paul Jones, Glynis
Reynolds, Yvonne Young, Jessica O'Sullivan, Ellie Pointer, Rue McGeouch,
Frank Carr, Lindsay Wheeler, Peter Rowe, William Danes-Volkov, Martyn
Nash, Lisa Thompset, Fran, Keanna and Ellie Tomlinson.

We pray for the recently departed, for all those who faithfully
served God in this place in previous generations, and for those who's
year's mind occurs this week: Ellen Breed, Mary Dalladay, and Warner Kim
Hall.

**From the Belltower:** Sunday, 14 July 2024 in 43m (6--1--24 in C)\
1320 Westminster Surprise Minor\
1 Jacqueline Barlow 2 Jane L Kostelnyk 3 Emma Jarvis 4 Janice Byrne 5
Philip Jarvis 6 Neil Jones (C)

Rung in memory of James H Foster (July 2024), Irene Horton (12/7/22) and
Jeanette Ardley (18/7/16), RIP.
