
***A very warm welcome*** to any new readers, and to visitors and
newcomers to St Michael\'s. A special welcome and thanks to Fr Paul
Matthias, our celebrant this morning, who will also kindly be saying
Mass for us on **Thursday at 10.30 am.** If you are new to St
Michael\'s, do join us in the Vestry Hall after the service, so that we
can welcome you properly. Today -- Candlemas -- is the day when we
particularly remember the Presentation of the Holy Child in the Temple.

**We all look forward to welcoming Fr John Ainslie** as our new Vicar.
**On 21st March at 7 pm**, Fr John will be licensed to our parish by
Bishop Rose and installed by Archdeacon Andrew. Bishop Norman will be
the preacher. Don\'t miss this very important and joyful occasion in the
life of St Michael\'s! Can you think of anything you can do to help,
particularly with the refreshments afterwards? Please see Alison P. or
Sue, who will welcome ideas and offers of assistance - and please see
the next page for a message to us all from Fr John!

**Valerie Stickland\'s Funeral** takes place at Vinters Park on
Wednesday 31st January at 1.15 pm; light refreshments afterwards at
The Clubhouse, Matterdale Gardens, Barming, ME16 9JN. No flowers, but
donations, if desired (through Family Funeral Services, Beverley Road,
Barming, ME16 9JN), to Westie Rescue Scheme or Friends of Canterbury
Cathedral. To help with numbers, Valerie\'s nephews would be grateful if
those hoping to attend would confirm at <david.carden@gmail.com> or
<trevor.carden@gmail.com>.

**Please pray for Lee and for William S.,** who will be confirmed by the
Bishop of Richborough on Sunday, February 11th, at St John\'s, Higham.
As Fr Paul Matthias will be going to Higham to present them, our
celebrant that day will be Fr Paul Kish, who has kindly agreed to face a
crowded morning in order to come over from Yalding and be with us.
**Thank you to both Fr Pauls!**

**Lent is closer than we think!** Ash Wednesday is on February 14th -
and on Sunday, February 25th, we are having a Frugal Lunch, for which
Alison P. will be happy to receive offers of help.

**Holy Week 2024 will be special** -- because it is Holy Week,
obviously, but also:- it will be Fr John\'s first Holy Week with us;
Bishop Norman\'s last Chrism Mass will take place at the Cathedral on
the Tuesday; and the Archbishop of Canterbury is planning a Holy Week
visit to Maidstone (he may be coming to St Michael\'s -- watch this
space!). Let\'s plan to be around for as much of this special Week as we
can.

**Canterbury Cathedral Passes?** Many people will remember that until
recently, members of any church in the diocese could obtain a free pass
that enabled them to visit the Cathedral free of charge. Since the
system changed in 2023, the old passes are no longer valid. Church
members (on a parish electoral roll or equivalent) and people in some
other categories can now apply online
(https://www.canterbury-cathedral.org/visit/the-cathedral-pass/)for a
pass which lasts for 5 years and costs Â£6. (There is of course still no
entry fee if you are attending a service at the Cathedral, or if you are
a Friend of the Cathedral). In view of the fees the Cathedral now
charges for ordinary visitors, which will certainly increase, the new
Cathedral Pass still represents good value.

**From our Tower:**

Kent County Association, [**Maidstone**,
Kent](https://dove.cccbr.org.uk/tower/12644#_blank): St Michael and All
Angels

Sunday, 21 January 2024 in 43m (6--1--24 in C)

**1280** **Bristol Surprise Major**

1Jacqueline Barlow

2Rona Joiner

3Mike Birkbeck

4Mark Elvers

5Nigel Pointer

6Elizabeth Barnes

7Phillip Barnes

8Neil Jones (C)

80th Birthday Compliments to Eleanor Relle (23/1) and Catherine Lewis
(22/1).

Rung on the Saint\'s Day of Agnes, Child Martyr at Rome, 304.

**Readers\' List for February:**

Thanks, as always, to all our readers. If unable to read on the day
listed, please arrange a swap with a fellow-reader.

Sunday 4^th:^ OT Eleanor Relle, NT Alison Heywood

Sunday11th OT Team Kwalombota, NT William Danes-Volkov

Ash Wednesday: OT Ralph Baldock, NT Catherine Garland

Sunday 18th OT Mike Trout, NT Margaret Gatehouse

Sunday 25th.OT Alison Heywood, NT William Danes-Volkov


