Hymns NEH 10, 15, 414, 64

**St Michael and All Angels -- a Parish under the Patronage of Our Lady
of Walsingham**

# COLLECT

O Lord, raise up, we pray, your power and come among us, and with great
might succour us;

that whereas, through our sins and wickedness we are grievously hindered
in running the race that is set before us,

your bountiful grace and mercy may speedily help and deliver us; through
Jesus Christ your Son our Lord, to whom with you and the Holy Spirit, be
honour and glory, now and for ever. Amen.

# FIRST READING (Malachi 3: 1-4)

## A reading from the prophet Malachi.

See, I am sending my messenger to prepare the way before me, and the
Lord whom you seek will suddenly come to his temple. The messenger of
the covenant in whom you delight---indeed, he is coming, says
the Lord of hosts. But who can endure the day of his coming, and who can
stand when he appears?

For he is like a refiner's fire and like fullers' soap; he will sit as a
refiner and purifier of silver, and he will purify the descendants of
Levi and refine them like gold and silver, until they present offerings
to the Lord in righteousness. Then the offering of Judah and Jerusalem
will be pleasing to the Lord as in the days of old and as in former
years.

# RESPONSORIAL PSALM (From Ps 126)

## Response: The Lord does great things for us.

1\. When the lord delivered Zion from bondage,\
then were we like those who dream.\
Our mouth was filled with laughter\
and our tongues with shouts of joy. ***R.***

2\. Restore our fortunes, O Lord,\
like rivers flowing in the desert.\
Those who sow in tears\
will reap with shouts of joy. ***R.***

# SECOND READING (Philippians 1: 3-11)

## A reading from the letter to the Philippians.

I thank my God every time I remember you, constantly praying with joy in
every one of my prayers for all of you, because of your sharing in the
gospel from the first day until now. I am confident of this, that the
one who began a good work among you will bring it to completion by the
day of Jesus Christ. It is right for me to think this way about all of
you, because you hold me in your heart, for all of you share in God's
grace with me, both in my imprisonment and in the defence and
confirmation of the gospel. For God is my witness, how I long for all of
you with the compassion of Christ Jesus. And this is my prayer, that
your love may overflow more and more with knowledge and full insight to
help you to determine what is best, so that on the day of Christ you may
be pure and blameless, having produced the harvest of righteousness that
comes through Jesus Christ for the glory and praise of God.

# HOLY GOSPEL (Luke 3: 1-6)

In the fifteenth year of the reign of Emperor Tiberius, when Pontius
Pilate was governor of Judea, and Herod was ruler of Galilee, and his
brother Philip ruler of the region of Ituraea and Trachonitis, and
Lysanias ruler of Abilene, during the high-priesthood of Annas and
Caiaphas, the word of God came to John son of Zechariah in the
wilderness. He went into all the region around the Jordan, proclaiming a
baptism of repentance for the forgiveness of sins, as it is written in
the book of the words of the prophet Isaiah,

'The voice of one crying out in the wilderness:\
"Prepare the way of the Lord,\
   make his paths straight.\
Every valley shall be filled,\
   and every mountain and hill shall be made low,\
and the crooked shall be made straight,\
   and the rough ways made smooth;\
and all flesh shall see the salvation of God." '

