**SECOND SUNDAY OF EASTER Hymns NEH 112, 106, 115, 118**

**FIRST READING Acts 4.32-35** Now the whole group of those who believed
were of one heart and soul, and no one claimed private ownership of any
possessions, but everything they owned was held in common. With great
power the apostles gave their testimony to the resurrection of the Lord
Jesus, and great grace was upon them all. There was not a needy person
among them, for as many as owned lands or houses sold them and brought
the proceeds of what was sold. They laid it at the apostles' feet, and
it was distributed to each as any had need.

**RESPONSORIAL PSALM 133**

***Response: Mercy and truth are met together, righteousness and peace
have kissed each other.***

Behold how good and pleasant it is to dwell together in unity.

It is like the precious oil upon the head, running down upon the beard,
even on Aaron's beard,

running down upon the collar of his clothing. ***R***

It is like the dew of Hermon, running down upon the hills of Zion.

For there the Lord has promised his blessing: even life for evermore.
***R***

**SECOND READING 1 John 1.1-2.2** We declare to you what was from the
beginning, what we have heard, what we have seen with our eyes, what we
have looked at and touched with our hands, concerning the word of
life--- this life was revealed, and we have seen it and testify to it,
and declare to you the eternal life that was with the Father and was
revealed to us--- we declare to you what we have seen and heard so that
you also may have fellowship with us; and truly our fellowship is with
the Father and with his Son Jesus Christ. We are writing these things so
that our joy may be complete. This is the message we have heard from him
and proclaim to you, that God is light and in him there is no darkness
at all. If we say that we have fellowship with him while we are walking
in darkness, we lie and do not do what is true; but if we walk in the
light as he himself is in the light, we have fellowship with one
another, and the blood of Jesus his Son cleanses us from all sin. If we
say that we have no sin, we deceive ourselves, and the truth is not in
us. If we confess our sins, he who is faithful and just will forgive us
our sins and cleanse us from all unrighteousness. If we say that we have
no sin, we make him a liar, and his word is not in us. My little
children, I am writing these things to you so that you may not sin. But
if anyone does sin, we have an advocate with the Father, Jesus Christ
the righteous; and he is the atoning sacrifice for our sins, and not for
ours only but also for the sins of the whole world.

**GOSPEL John 20.19-31** When it was evening on that day, the first day
of the week, and the doors of the house where the disciples had met were
locked for fear of the Jews, Jesus came and stood among them and said,
'Peace be with you.' After he said this, he showed them his hands and
his side. Then the disciples rejoiced when they saw the Lord. Jesus said
to them again, 'Peace be with you. As the Father has sent me, so I send
you.' When he had said this, he breathed on them and said to them,
'Receive the Holy Spirit. If you forgive the sins of any, they are
forgiven them; if you retain the sins of any, they are retained.' But
Thomas (who was called the Twin), one of the twelve, was not with them
when Jesus came. So the other disciples told him, 'We have seen the
Lord.' But he said to them, 'Unless I see the mark of the nails in his
hands, and put my finger in the mark of the nails and my hand in his
side, I will not believe.' A week later his disciples were again in the
house, and Thomas was with them. Although the doors were shut, Jesus
came and stood among them and said, 'Peace be with you.' Then he said to
Thomas, 'Put your finger here and see my hands. Reach out your hand and
put it in my side. Do not doubt but believe.' Thomas answered him, 'My
Lord and my God!' Jesus said to him, 'Have you believed because you have
seen me? Blessed are those who have not seen and yet have come to
believe.' Now Jesus did many other signs in the presence of his
disciples, which are not written in this book. But these are written so
that you may come to believe that Jesus is the Messiah, the Son of God,
and that through believing you may have life in his name.

