
## Priest-in-Charge Fr John Ainslie ([revjohnainslie@gmail.com](mailto:revjohnainslie@gmail.com); 01628 629827)

**A very warm welcome** to any new readers, and to visitors and
newcomers to St Michael\'s. If you are new to St Michael\'s, do join us
for refreshments in the Vestry Hall after the service, so we can welcome
you properly.

**THIS THURSDAY 31st OCTOBER 10.30am - ALL SOULS REQUIEM MASS WITH
REMEMBRANCE OF DEPARTED LOVED ONES. A list is available at Back of
Church for you to add the names of departed loved ones you would like
remembered at that Mass.**

**NEXT SATURDAY 2nd NOVEMBER - MASS OF OUR LADY 10.30am followed by
refreshments.**

**NEXT SUNDAY 3rd NOVEMBER -- SUNG MASS FOR ALL SAINTS 10.30am
followed by refreshments.**

**OUR HARVEST GIFTS -- THANK YOU.** The gifts presented at our Harvest
Thanksgiving made their way to Homeless Care in Knightrider Street. We
have received a letter of thanks: "Thank you for your very kind donation
to Homeless Care. We solely rely on the kindness and generosity of our
community, so we can improve the lives and prospects of our homeless and
vulnerable clients in our Borough. In these difficult times, it is
heart-warming to know that there are people, such as yourselves, on whom
we can rely on to keep our services operational, which allows us to
provide the right support to those who need it."

**CHRISTMAS MARKET -- SATURDAY 30TH NOVEMBER 11am - 3pm.** Stalls will
include crafts & gifts; cakes; raffle and tombola; plants and gardening;
books and jigsaw puzzles; Father Christmas grotto. If you can help by
providing items for these stalls, or small gifts for children for the
grotto, please either put them in the Box at Back of Church or let one
of the organisers know what you will be bringing, also decorations so we
can make the hall festive and decorate the grotto. So now is the time to
have a look at home for any items you can donate to help us. And many
thanks to the organisers -- Alison Heywood, Catherine Garland, Alison
Ponter, Zoe and Eleanor.

**MAIDSTONE ECO-HUB 26 Oct - 9 Nov, The Mall Shopping Centre\
**Now in its third year, the pop-up community information centre in The
Mall helps support people live more sustainably, save money and reduce
their carbon footprint. Why not drop in for advice about becoming more
sustainable?

**FR PETER ROWE.** You will see from the Intercessions list that Peter
Rowe, Curate in Charge at St Michael's 2013-2016, died recently. I
understand his Funeral is to be held on Monday -- details are available
from Eleanor.

**FOR OUR PRAYERS:** We pray for Everleigh Rose Phillips, to be baptised
this Sunday afternoon, and for her family and godparents.

**We pray for those in need**, and especially Paul Jones, Glynis
Reynolds, Yvonne Young, Jessica O'Sullivan, Lindsay Wheeler, Martyn
Nash, Fran, Keanna, Ellie Tomlinson, Sara Dray, Robert Hill and Michael.

**We pray for the recently departed** including Fr Peter Rowe, previous
Incumbent of St Michael's. We remember those who have faithfully served
God in this Church in previous generations, and we pray for those whose
year's mind occurs this week: Malcolm Stanley, Marjorie Mason, Ann
Giles, Florence Hawker, Mandy Epps, Mark Judd, Stewart Henry.
