**SECOND SUNDAY BEFORE LENT Hymns 440, 205, 305, 362**

**FIRST READING Proverbs 8.1,22-31** Does not wisdom call, and does not
understanding raise her voice? The Lord created me at the beginning of
his work, the first of his acts of long ago. Ages ago I was set up, at
the first, before the beginning of the earth. When there were no depths
I was brought forth, when there were no springs abounding with water.
Before the mountains had been shaped, before the hills, I was brought
forth--- when he had not yet made earth and fields, or the world's first
bits of soil. When he established the heavens, I was there, when he drew
a circle on the face of the deep, when he made firm the skies above,
when he established the fountains of the deep, when he assigned to the
sea its limit, so that the waters might not transgress his command, when
he marked out the foundations of the earth, then I was beside him, like
a master worker; and I was daily his delight, rejoicing before him
always, rejoicing in his inhabited world and delighting in the human
race.

**RESPONSORIAL PSALM 104**

***Response: Send forth your Spirit, O Lord, and renew the face of the
earth.***

O Lord, how manifold are your works! in wisdom you have made them all;

the earth is full of your creatures. ***R***

Yonder is the great and wide sea, with its living things too many to
number, creatures both small and great.

There move the ships, and there is that Leviathan, which you have made
for the sport of it. ***R***

All of them look to you to give them their food in due season.

You give it to them, they gather it; you open your hand and they are
filled with good things.

You hide your face and they are terrified; you take away their breath,
and they die and return to their dust. ***R***

You send forth your Spirit and they are created; and so you renew the
face of the earth.

May the glory of the Lord endure for ever; may the Lord rejoice in all
his works.

He looks at the earth and it trembles; he touches the mountains and they
smoke. ***R***

I will sing to the Lord as long as I live; I will praise my God while I
have my being.

May these words of mine please him; I will rejoice in the Lord.

Let sinners be consumed out the earth, and the wicked be no more.

Bless the Lord, O my soul. Alleluia! ***R***

**SECOND READING Colossians 1.15-20** He is the image of the invisible
God, the firstborn of all creation; for in him all things in heaven and
on earth were created, things visible and invisible, whether thrones or
dominions or rulers or powers---all things have been created through him
and for him. He himself is before all things, and in him all things hold
together. He is the head of the body, the church; he is the beginning,
the firstborn from the dead, so that he might come to have first place
in everything. For in him all the fullness of God was pleased to dwell,
and through him God was pleased to reconcile to himself all things,
whether on earth or in heaven, by making peace through the blood of his
cross.

**GOSPEL John 1.1-14** In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was
with God, and the Word was God. He was in the beginning with God. All
things came into being through him, and without him not one thing came
into being. What has come into being in him was life, and the life was
the light of all people. The light shines in the darkness, and the
darkness did not overcome it. There was a man sent from God, whose name
was John. He came as a witness to testify to the light, so that all
might believe through him. He himself was not the light, but he came to
testify to the light. The true light, which enlightens everyone, was
coming into the world. He was in the world, and the world came into
being through him; yet the world did not know him. He came to what was
his own, and his own people did not accept him. But to all who received
him, who believed in his name, he gave power to become children of God,
who were born, not of blood or of the will of the flesh or of the will
of man, but of God. And the Word became flesh and lived among us, and we
have seen his glory, the glory as of a father's only son, full of grace
and truth.

***Could you pass this sheet on to someone else who might like to see
it?***

