
## Priest-in-Charge Fr John Ainslie ([revjohnainslie@gmail.com](mailto:revjohnainslie@gmail.com); 01628 629827)

**A very warm welcome** to any new readers, and to visitors and
newcomers to St Michael\'s. If you are new to St Michael\'s, do join us
for refreshments in the Vestry Hall after the service, so we can welcome
you properly.

**PRAYER REQUEST SLIPS** are available at the back of church if you want
to request prayer for yourself, for someone else or for a particular
situation.

**SERVICES THIS WEEK:** Thursday Mass at 10.30am, Saturday Mass of Our
Lady at 10.30am, next Sunday Harvest Festival Sung Mass at 10.30am
followed by refreshments.

**Next Sunday is our HARVEST FESTIVAL: Please bring contributions of
dried food and other essentials, and carrier bags, which will be
presented at the Altar and Blessed, before being taken to Maidstone
Homeless Care/Food for Thought.** This is a great opportunity to show
our love of neighbour, as well as provide much needed assistance to
those who have so much less than we do.

**Next Saturday is our monthly MASS OF OUR LADY at 10.30am. All welcome,
but especially those who are now members of the St Michael's Cell of
OLW.**

**ADULT BAPTISM & CONFIRMATION.** I have two people wishing to begin a
course leading to Adult Baptism and Confirmation. If there is anyone
else who would like to join this, please let me know asap.

**FINANCE.** Our finances are very stretched this year, mainly due to a
much more expensive energy contract signed last year. Thank you to all
those who contribute regularly to our finances and thank you for
continuing to do so. If you haven't increased the value of your giving
in recent years, could I ask you to think about making an increase if
you are able? If you are new to St Michael's and don't yet give
regularly, please consider doing so as part of your Christian
discipleship. We give back to God from what we have received by his
providence, in thanksgiving to Him and to support the worship and
mission of St Michaels. The cost of upkeep of the building is
considerable, and we receive NO Government funding and NO contribution
from the Diocese towards these costs. If you are not able to help us in
this way, be assured you are very welcome to be with us Sunday by
Sunday, there is no entry-fee to St Michael's !!

**DEANERY ROADSHOW, ST LUKE'S 1st October 7pm.** This is an
opportunity to hear our Area Dean, Archdeacon and Diocesan Secretary and
to quiz them as they talk about the future of the Church in our Deanery
and Diocese.

**FOR OUR PRAYERS:** We give thanks and praise to God for his angels and
his saints, especially for St Michael, all the angels, and for our own
Guardian Angels. We give thanks for our beautiful church building, for
the vision and generosity of those who built it and decorated it, and
especially for the stained glass representing stories of the angels from
the Bible. We pray for peace in the world, and for relief for those who
are living in dark places and through dark times. We pray that our young
people would be protected from all influences towards evil, and grow up
to know the peace, joy and love of the Christian faith. We pray for Revd
Anthea Mitchell as she is Licensed to St Andrew's church Barming Heath
this coming week.

**We pray for those in need**, and especially Paul Jones, Glynis
Reynolds, Yvonne Young, Jessica O'Sullivan, Frank Carr, Lindsay Wheeler,
Peter Rowe, Martyn Nash, Lisa Thompset, Fran, Keanna, Ellie Tomlinson,
Claire Goodwin, Sara Dray, Robert Hill and Michael.

**We pray for the recently departed**. We remember those who have
faithfully served God in this Church in previous generations, and we
pray for those whose year's mind occurs this week: Ann Day, Valerie
Brown, David Vaughan, Winifred Vaughan, Ellen Arnold.

**FROM THE BELLTOWER:** 20 September 2024 in 37m **1272** **Allendale
Surprise Minor** 1 Jacqueline Barlow 2 Kath White 3 Emma Jarvis 4 Philip
Jarvis 5 Mark Elvers 6 Stephen Coaker (C)

Rung on the Saints Day of The Melanesian Martyrs killed in 1871.

22 September 2024 in 41m **1320** **Surprise Minor** (2m) 720 Cambridge
Surprise 600 Norwich Surprise 1 Emma Jarvis 2 Jacqueline M Barlow 3
Michael A Birkbeck 4 Mark Elvers 5 Kath White 6 Philip Jarvis (C)

An 80th Birthday Compliment to Peter Dale.
