
***A very warm welcome*** to any new readers, and to visitors and
newcomers to St Michael\'s. A special welcome and thanks to Fr Paul
Matthias, our celebrant this morning, who will also kindly be saying
Mass for us on **Thursday at 10.30 am.** If you are new to St
Michael\'s, do join us in the Vestry Hall after the service, so that we
can welcome you properly.

**Do remember our Lenten Frugal Lunch next Sunday, 25th February!**

**And the Quiet Afternoon on March 2^nd\ .\ ^**from 12 noon to 4 pm. A
chance to visit historic Capel Church and spend some time with God, and
enjoy medieval wall paintings, landscape and perhaps a walk, at the kind
invitation of the parish of St Peter and St Paul, Yalding. It will help
if you give your name to Eleanor, as Fr Kish is preparing some handouts;
please speak to Eleanor also if you need a lift.

**Prayers, please, for Fr John** as he prepares to join us as our new
Parish Priest, and for our parish, as we prepare to move onward under
his leadership. All members and friends of St Michael\'s are invited to
share in the joy of Fr John\'s Licensing Service on 21st March at 7
pm, and the refreshments afterwards. Offers of help with these will be
gratefully received by Alison P and Sue.

**Help for Ukraine:** Simon at 27, Maryland Drive, Barming, ME16 9EN is
once more collecting much-needed medical and veterinary supplies (even
if partly used) and animal foodstuffs for Ukraine. Walking aids,
wheelchairs, clean old towels and duvet covers, and single quilts (not
with feathers) are also very welcome.

**From our Tower:**

**Kent County Association,** [**Maidstone**,
Kent](https://dove.cccbr.org.uk/tower/12644#_blank)

St Michael and All Angels

Friday, 9 February 2024 in 39m (6--1--24 in C)

**1296** **Mersey Surprise Minor**

1. Mark Elvers
2. Jacqueline Barlow
3. Janice Byrne
4. Stephen Coaker
5. Neil Jones (C)
6. Pam Thomas

A Birthday compliment to Father Paul Matthias.

Sunday, 11 February 2024 in 39m (6--1--24 in C)

**1280** **Double Norwich Court Bob Major**

1. Janice Byrne
2. Philip Jarvis
3. Jacqueline Barlow
4. Mark Elvers
5. Mike Birkbeck
6. Stephen Coaker
7. Pam Thomas
8. Neil Jones (C)

Remembering Mike Thresh, 12/2/15, R. I. P..

Rung within the Octave of the Feast of St Agatha.

**Canterbury Cathedral Passes?** Many people will remember that until
recently, members of any church in the diocese could obtain a free pass
that enabled them to visit the Cathedral free of charge. Since the
system changed in 2023, the old passes are no longer valid. Church
members (on a parish electoral roll or equivalent) and people in some
other categories can now apply online
(https://www.canterbury-cathedral.org/visit/the-cathedral-pass/)for a
pass which lasts for 5 years and costs £6. (There is of course still no
entry fee if you are attending a service at the Cathedral, or if you are
a Friend of the Cathedral). In view of the fees the Cathedral now
charges for ordinary visitors, which will certainly increase, the new
Cathedral Pass still represents good value.

**Among the Sick, we pray for:** Paul, Margaret, Ellie, Pauline, Rue, Fr
Leon, Antony, Fran, Ellie, Tom, Joseph, Peter, Joan, Margaret, Lindsay,
Glynis, Ethan, Sarah, Yvonne, Jean, Niraj and HM The King.

**Among the Departed:** Mike Thresh, Lilian Gilbert, William Norman
Bryson, Vera Clements.
