
***A very warm welcome*** to any new readers, and to visitors and
newcomers to St Michael\'s. A special welcome and thanks to Fr Paul
Matthias, our celebrant this morning, who will also kindly be saying
Mass for us on **Thursday at 10.30 am.** If you are new to St
Michael\'s, do join us in the Vestry Hall after the service, so that we
can welcome you properly.

**We all look forward to welcoming Fr John Ainslie** as our new Vicar.
**On 21st March at 7 pm**, Fr John will be licensed to our parish by
Bishop Rose and installed by Archdeacon Andrew. Bishop Norman will be
the preacher. Don\'t miss this very important and joyful occasion in the
life of St Michael\'s! Can you think of anything you can do to help,
particularly with the refreshments afterwards? Please see Alison P. or
Sue, who will welcome ideas and offers of assistance. If anyone missed
last week\'s letter to us from Fr John, there are spare copies at the
back of church -- do pick one up before you leave! Everyone connected
with St Michael\'s is of course invited to the Licensing Service and the
refreshments, but formal invitations to visitors are going out at
present, and if you know anyone from outside the congregation who would
like to be invited, please give details to Eleanor.

**Thank you** from Eleanor to all the wonderful people who planned and
assembled last Sunday\'s memorable party. It was an amazing occasion and
she hopes everyone else enjoyed it as much as she did. **Thank you**
from us all to Martyn, who has brilliantly adapted the Big Six candles
on the high altar to be less messy and more economical. See if you can
spot the difference!

**Please pray for Lee and for William S.,** who will be confirmed by the
Bishop of Richborough on Sunday, February 11th, at St John\'s, Higham.
As Fr Paul Matthias will be going to Higham to present them, our
celebrant that day will be Fr Paul Kish, who has kindly agreed to face a
crowded morning in order to come over from Yalding and be with us.
**Thank you to both Fr Pauls!**

**Friends of Oaken Wood:** this new charity will be launched at a
meeting at St Andrew\'s Church on Tuesday 6th February, 7-9pm. The aim
is to protect and promote the wood and, in particular, to prevent its
being turned into a quarry. Membership of the charity is free: visit
[www.friendsofoakenwood.org](http://www.friendsofoakenwood.org/).

**Help for Ukraine:** Simon at 27, Maryland Drive, Barming, ME16 9EN is
once more collecting much-needed medical and veterinary supplies (even
if partly used) and animal foodstuffs for Ukraine. Walking aids,
wheelchairs, clean old towels and duvet covers, and single quilts (not
with feathers) are also very welcome.

**From Our Tower:** Kent County Association [**Maidstone**,
Kent](https://dove.cccbr.org.uk/tower/12644#_blank) - St Michael and All
Angels

Friday, 26 January 2024 in 39m (6--1--24 in C)

**1296 Lincoln Surprise Minor**

1. Jacqueline Barlow
2. Janice Byrne
3. Stephen Coaker
4. Mark Elvers
5. Pam Thomas
6. Neil Jones (C)

Rung on the Saints\' Day of Timothy and Titus, companions of Paul.

150th together: 5 & 6.

Sunday, 28 January 2024 in 45m (6--1--24 in C)

**1280 Superlative Surprise Major**

1. Pam Thomas
2. Philip Jarvis
3. Jacqueline Barlow
4. Janice Byrne
5. Jane L Kostelnyk
6. Mark Elvers
7. Mike Birkbeck
8. Neil Jones (C)

Rung on the Saint\'s Day of Thomas Aquinas, Priest, Philosopher and
Teacher of the Faith, 1274.

**Lent is closer than we think!** Ash Wednesday is on February 14th -
and on Sunday, February 25th, we are having a Frugal Lunch, for which
Alison P. will be happy to receive offers of help.

**A chance of a Lent Quiet Afternoon at Capel on Saturday 2nd March
with a party from Yalding -- tbc at present, but further information
from Fr Paul Kish when he joins us on February 11th.**

**Holy Week 2024 will be special** -- because it is Holy Week,
obviously, but also:- it will be Fr John\'s first Holy Week with us;
Bishop Norman\'s last Chrism Mass will take place at the Cathedral on
the Tuesday; and the Archbishop of Canterbury is planning a Holy Week
visit to Maidstone. Let\'s plan to be around for as much of this special
Week as we can.
