Hymns NEH 332, 297, 415

# National Anthem

# ACCESSION DAY OF KING CHARLES III

**St Michael and All Angels -- a Parish under the Patronage of Our Lady
of Walsingham**

# FIRST READING (Isaiah 35: 4-7)

## A reading from the prophet Isaiah

Say to those who are of a fearful heart, 'Be strong, do not fear! Here
is your God. He will come with vengeance, with terrible recompense. He
will come and save you.'

Then the eyes of the blind shall be opened, and the ears of the deaf
unstopped; then the lame shall leap like a deer, and the tongue of the
speechless sing for joy. For waters shall break forth in the wilderness,
and streams in the desert; the burning sand shall become a pool, and the
thirsty ground springs of water.

# RESPONSORIAL PSALM (From Ps. 146)

## Response: My soul, give praise to the Lord.

1\. It is the Lord who keeps faith for ever,
who is just to those who are oppressed.
It is he who gives bread to the hungry,
the Lord who sets prisoners free. ***R.***

2\. It is the Lord who gives sight to the blind,
Who lifts up those who are bowed down.
It is the Lord who loves the just,
who protects the stranger. ***R.***

3\. The Lord upholds the widow and orphan,
but thwarts the path of the wicked.
The Lord will reign for ever,
Zion's God, from age to age. ***R.***

# SECOND READING (James 2: 1-10, 14-17)

## A reading from the letter of James.

My brothers and sisters, do you with your acts of favouritism really
believe in our glorious Lord Jesus Christ? For if a person with gold
rings and in fine clothes comes into your assembly, and if a poor person
in dirty clothes also comes in, and if you take notice of the one
wearing the fine clothes and say, 'Have a seat here, please', while to
the one who is poor you say, 'Stand there', or, 'Sit at my feet', have
you not made distinctions among yourselves, and become judges with evil
thoughts? Listen, my beloved brothers and sisters. Has not God chosen
the poor in the world to be rich in faith and to be heirs of the kingdom
that he has promised to those who love him? But you have dishonoured the
poor. Is it not the rich who oppress you? Is it not they who drag you
into court? Is it not they who blaspheme the excellent name that was
invoked over you?

You do well if you really fulfil the royal law according to the
scripture, 'You shall love your neighbour as yourself.' But if you show
partiality, you commit sin and are convicted by the law as
transgressors. For whoever keeps the whole law but fails in one point
has become accountable for all of it.

What good is it, my brothers and sisters, if you say you have faith but
do not have works? Can faith save you? If a brother or sister is naked
and lacks daily food, and one of you says to them, 'Go in peace; keep
warm and eat your fill', and yet you do not supply their bodily needs,
what is the good of that? So faith by itself, if it has no works, is
dead.

# HOLY GOSPEL (Mark 7: 24-end)

From there he set out and went away to the region of Tyre. He entered a
house and did not want anyone to know he was there. Yet he could not
escape notice, but a woman whose little daughter had an unclean spirit
immediately heard about him, and she came and bowed down at his
feet. Now the woman was a Gentile, of Syrophoenician origin. She begged
him to cast the demon out of her daughter. He said to her, 'Let the
children be fed first, for it is not fair to take the children's food
and throw it to the dogs.' But she answered him, 'Sir, even the dogs
under the table eat the children's crumbs.' Then he said to her, 'For
saying that, you may go---the demon has left your daughter.' So she went
home, found the child lying on the bed, and the demon gone.

Then he returned from the region of Tyre, and went by way of Sidon
towards the Sea of Galilee, in the region of the Decapolis. They brought
to him a deaf man who had an impediment in his speech; and they begged
him to lay his hand on him. He took him aside in private, away from the
crowd, and put his fingers into his ears, and he spat and touched his
tongue. Then looking up to heaven, he sighed and said to him,
'Ephphatha', that is, 'Be opened.' And immediately his ears were opened,
his tongue was released, and he spoke plainly. Then Jesus ordered them
to tell no one; but the more he ordered them, the more zealously they
proclaimed it. They were astounded beyond measure, saying, 'He has done
everything well; he even makes the deaf to hear and the mute to speak.'

