
***A very warm welcome*** to any new readers, and to visitors and
newcomers to St Michael\'s. A special welcome and thanks to Fr Paul
Matthias, our celebrant this morning, who will also kindly be saying
Mass for us on **Thursday at 10.30 am.** If you are new to St
Michael\'s, do join us in the Vestry Hall after the service, so that we
can welcome you properly.

***Looking forward to another welcome....*** Not only have we been able
to announce the exciting news that Fr John Ainslie is shortly to become
our new Vicar, but we now have a date for his Licensing Service, which
will be on the evening of **21st March** (time still to be announced).
This is an important date not only for our congregation but also for the
way in which St Michael\'s relates to the surrounding community.
Invitations will be going out before long; if you know someone from
outside the congregation who might like to be invited, please have a
word with Eleanor. It will be a particular joy to have our new parish
priest with us for Holy Week and Easter.

**Sue has created a beautiful card (thank you, Sue!) and is bringing it
to Mass so that we can send our greetings to our future Vicar.** Please
make sure you sign it!

**About our new Vicar:** After reading Physics and Theoretical Physics
at Cambridge, Fr John followed a career in the field of renewable
energy, particularly in connection with the development of wind farms,
and in the preparing and presenting of expert evidence for the related
Inquiries. He was ordained Deacon in 2017 and Priest in 2018, and since
then has served as Assistant Minister in three benefices in the diocese
of Oxford (most recently at All Saints\', Boyne Hill, Maidenhead),
during which time he mounted various initiatives in mission and
outreach. In addition, he has had responsibilities at diocesan level,
notably as a member of the Oxford Diocesan Environmental Task Group. He
brings a wealth of experience (church and non-church) to his ministry
here - experience that will be of great value not only to St Michael\'s
but to our deanery and diocese. We assure Fr John of our support and our
prayers, and hope that he and his dog Rosa will be very happy in
Maidstone.

**Looking towards Lent:**

**Canterbury Cathedral** is planning a Quiet Day based on the "Joyous
Mysteries" on **Saturday 3^rd^** **February, 10am-4pm.** "An opportunity
to contemplate the life of Christ, through scripture and the ancient
devotional practice of the rosary." FREE but booking required -- for
details, visit https://www.canterbury-cathedral.org/whats-on/events/.

**Saturday 10th February, 10 am-1pm: an online retreat in preparation
for Lent entitled "Companions on the Way,"** - tickets £15, or £10 for
*Church Times* subscribers. Details and tickets at
<https://www.churchtimes.co.uk/companions-on-the-way-a-retreat-in-preparation-for-lent>.

And remember our own **L**enten **Frugal Lunch on Sunday, 25th
February** -- join us for soup and bread-and-cheese and give the price
of your usual Sunday lunch to a charity for the hungry! If you are
willing to give a hand with the shopping, serving or washing-up, please
speak to Sara.

**From Our Tower:**

**Kent County Association,** [**Maidstone**,
Kent](https://dove.cccbr.org.uk/tower/12644#_blank), St Michael and All
Angels

Sunday, 14 January 2024 in 41m (6--1--24 in C)

**1296** **Lightfoot Surprise Minor**

1. Emma Jarvis
2. Jacqueline Barlow
3. Philip Jarvis
4. Mark Elvers
5. Stephen Coaker
6. Neil Jones (C)

Remembering Ann Rust (10/1/22) and Norman Rust (18/1/20) R.I.P..

Rung on the Saints Day of Euphrasius the Martyr

**Reminder: Valerie Stickland\'s funeral takes place at Vinters Park on
31st January at 1.15.**

**Grateful thanks to Margaret S.,** who has very kindly taken charge of
laundering the altar linen.

**After Fr John\'s Licensing on March 21st, we shall of course be
providing refreshments in the Parish Hall** for those who attend the
service, including those who will have travelled from Maidenhead. It
isn\'t too soon to think about ways in which you could help on that
important evening. Alison and Sue will be very happy to hear from you!

**Among the sick we pray for** :Paul, Margaret, Ellie, Pauline, Rue, Fr
Leon, Antony, Fran, Ellie, Tom, Joseph, Peter, Joan, Margaret, Lindsay,
Glynis, Ethan, Sarah, and Yvonne.

**Among the Departed:** Ivy Parry, Stan Penney, Lily Chanler, Hazel
Warriner, Maureen Tresnan, Norman Rust.
