Hymns NEH 238, 296, 341, 272

# FIRST READING (Amos 7: 7-15) A reading from the prophet Amos.

This is what he showed me: the Lord was standing beside a wall built
with a plumb-line, with a plumb-line in his hand. And the Lord said to
me, 'Amos, what do you see?' And I said, 'A plumb-line.' Then the Lord
said, 'See, I am setting a plumb-line in the midst of my people Israel;
I will never again pass them by; the high places of Isaac shall be made
desolate, and the sanctuaries of Israel shall be laid waste, and I will
rise against the house of Jeroboam with the sword.'

Then Amaziah, the priest of Bethel, sent to King Jeroboam of Israel,
saying, 'Amos has conspired against you in the very centre of the house
of Israel; the land is not able to bear all his words. For thus Amos has
said, "Jeroboam shall die by the sword, and Israel must go into exile
away from his land." '

And Amaziah said to Amos, 'O seer, go, flee away to the land of Judah,
earn your bread there, and prophesy there; but never again prophesy at
Bethel, for it is the king's sanctuary, and it is a temple of the
kingdom.'

Then Amos answered Amaziah, 'I am no prophet, nor a prophet's son; but I
am a herdsman, and a dresser of sycamore trees, and the Lord took me
from following the flock, and the Lord said to me, "Go, prophesy to my
people Israel."

# RESPONSORIAL PSALM (from Ps 85)

Response: His salvation is at hand for those who fear him.

1\. Let me hear what God the Lord will speak,\
for he will speak peace to his people,\
to his faithful,\
to those who turn to him in their hearts. R.

2\. Surely his salvation is at hand for those who fear him\
that his glory may dwell in our land.\
Steadfast love and faithfulness will meet;\
righteousness and peace will kiss each other. R.

3\. Faithfulness will spring up from the ground\
and righteousness will look down from heaven.\
The Lord will give what is good\
and our land will yield its increase. R.

# SECOND READING (Ephesians 1: 3-14)

Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, who has blessed
us in Christ with every spiritual blessing in the heavenly places, just
as he chose us in Christ before the foundation of the world to be holy
and blameless before him in love. He destined us for adoption as his
children through Jesus Christ, according to the good pleasure of his
will, to the praise of his glorious grace that he freely bestowed on us
in the Beloved. In him we have redemption through his blood, the
forgiveness of our trespasses, according to the riches of his grace that
he lavished on us. With all wisdom and insight he has made known to us
the mystery of his will, according to his good pleasure that he set
forth in Christ, as a plan for the fullness of time, to gather up all
things in him, things in heaven and things on earth. In Christ we have
also obtained an inheritance, having been destined according to the
purpose of him who accomplishes all things according to his counsel and
will, so that we, who were the first to set our hope on Christ, might
live for the praise of his glory. In him you also, when you had heard
the word of truth, the gospel of your salvation, and had believed in
him, were marked with the seal of the promised Holy Spirit; this is the
pledge of our inheritance towards redemption as God's own people, to the
praise of his glory.

# HOLY GOSPEL (Mark 6: 14-29)

King Herod heard about Jesus, for his name had become known. Some
were saying, 'John the baptizer has been raised from the dead; and for
this reason these powers are at work in him.' But others said, 'It is
Elijah.' And others said, 'It is a prophet, like one of the prophets of
old.' But when Herod heard of it, he said, 'John, whom I beheaded, has
been raised.'

For Herod himself had sent men who arrested John, bound him, and put him
in prison on account of Herodias, his brother Philip's wife, because
Herod had married her. For John had been telling Herod, 'It is not
lawful for you to have your brother's wife.' And Herodias had a grudge
against him, and wanted to kill him. But she could not, for Herod feared
John, knowing that he was a righteous and holy man, and he protected
him. When he heard him, he was greatly perplexed; and yet he liked to
listen to him. But an opportunity came when Herod on his birthday gave a
banquet for his courtiers and officers and for the leaders of
Galilee. When his daughter Herodias came in and danced, she pleased
Herod and his guests; and the king said to the girl, 'Ask me for
whatever you wish, and I will give it.' And he solemnly swore to her,
'Whatever you ask me, I will give you, even half of my kingdom.' She
went out and said to her mother, 'What should I ask for?' She replied,
'The head of John the baptizer.' Immediately she rushed back to the king
and requested, 'I want you to give me at once the head of John the
Baptist on a platter.' The king was deeply grieved; yet out of regard
for his oaths and for the guests, he did not want to refuse
her. Immediately the king sent a soldier of the guard with orders to
bring John's head. He went and beheaded him in the prison, brought his
head on a platter, and gave it to the girl. Then the girl gave it to her
mother. When his disciples heard about it, they came and took his body,
and laid it in a tomb.

# NEWS FROM ST MICHAEL'S

Priest-in-Charge Fr John Ainslie
([revjohnainslie@gmail.com](mailto:revjohnainslie@gmail.com);
01628 629827)

A very warm welcome to any new readers, and to visitors and
newcomers to St Michael's. If you are new to St Michael's, do join us
for refreshments in the Vestry Hall after the service, so we can welcome
you properly.

**SERVICES THIS WEEK:** Mass on Thursday at 10.30am, with a Homily
learning from SS Gregory and Macrina. Next Sunday Sung Mass for Trinity
8 at 10.30am.

**SAINTS' FOR THIS WEEK:** Monday is St Swithun's Day. Swithun was a
9th century saintly Bishop of Winchester noted for a life of
simplicity and holiness. He was buried humbly in 862 as he requested,
and when on t15th July 971 his successor Ethelwold moved his remains
into a shrine in the new cathedral, his displeasure was felt as it
rained non stop for 40 days! Also on Monday we remember the thirteenth
century Italian Franciscan leader-reformer St Bonaventure, and on
Tuesday the 11th century Bishop Osmund of Salisbury, who is said
to have compiled the 'Use of Sarum' setting out the liturgical texts,
music and seasonal colours used across the English Church for many
centuries (elements of which are still used in some places today).
Friday is the Feast Day of SS Gregory, Bishop of Nyssa, and his
Deaconess sister Macrina, both highly influential figures in the 4th
century Church. Gregory with his brother Basil The Great and friend
Gregory Nazianzus, Patriarch of Constantinople, are known as the
'Cappadocian Fathers', and widely revered theologians in both the
Eastern and Western churches.

**SUNDAY BBQ:** We as a Parish are warmly invited to join with our
friends at St Michael's Harbledown for their annual FiF BBQ on Sunday
28th July, starting at 3pm and ending with a lovely service of
Evensong and Benediction at 6pm. I hope that as many of us as possible
will be able to go, using car-share to ease the burden of driving, and
treating this as an opportunity for a very enjoyable Parish outing
together -- food, friends, a beautiful church and lovely worship. It
would be good to know if you plan to go: there is a sign-up sheet at the
back of Church.

**CANTERBURY CATHEDRAL ARCHAEOLOGY TALKS** Thursdays 6.15pm -- this week
"Archaeological Discoveries at the Cathedral." Another chance to
car-share to an interesting event? Pre-booking required -- go to
<https://www.canterbury-cathedral.org/> and search for "Festival of
Archaeology". Next week -- The Vikings.

**CHANGE OF TREASURER:** Nelly is retiring as our PCC Treasurer due to
work and other time pressures. We give thanks to Nelly for all her work
as Treasurer, and we are pleased that she and her family will be
continuing as a member of our congregation. I am delighted that Lee
Derbyshire has offered to step into this role, and was appointed
Treasurer by the PCC on Thursday. We are very grateful to Lee for
offering his services to our Church in this way.

**PRAYER REQUEST SLIPS** are available at the back of church if you want
to request prayer for yourself, for someone else or for a particular
situation. Prayers may be offered either by a Priest privately or
included in our regular intercessions in church (in which case names
will be prayed for at Mass on Sundays and Thursdays).

**FOR OUR PRAYERS:** This week we pray for our King and all the Royal
Family, and newly elected MPs; for the political situation in America;
and for peace in places of war including Ukraine, Sudan and Gaza.
Locally, we pray for our social care and NHS services. We give thanks
for the Oxford Movement and we pray for renewal in the sacramental,
teaching and pastoral life of the Church here and across the Church of
England. We pray for Lee as he becomes our Treasurer.

We pray for all those in need, and especially Paul Jones, Glynis
Reynolds, Yvonne Young, Jessica O'Sullivan, Ellie Pointer, Rue McGeouch,
Frank Carr, Lindsay Wheeler, Peter Rowe, William Danes-Volkov, Martyn
Nash, Lisa Thompset and Fran.

We pray for the recently departed, for all those who faithfully
served God in this place in previous generations, and for those who's
year's mind occurs this week: Arthur Rickerby, Renee Page, Lily Levick,
Pamela Rose Mason, Jeanette Ardley and Annemarie Ward.
