
## Priest-in-Charge Fr John Ainslie ([revjohnainslie@gmail.com](mailto:revjohnainslie@gmail.com); 01628 629827)

**A very warm welcome** to any new readers, and to visitors and
newcomers to St Michael\'s. If you are new to St Michael\'s, do join us
for refreshments in the Vestry Hall after the service, so we can welcome
you properly.

**PRAYER REQUEST SLIPS** are available at the back of church if you want
to request prayer for yourself, for someone else or for a particular
situation.

**SERVICES THIS WEEK:** Thursday Mass at 10.30, next Sunday Sung Mass at
10.30 followed by refreshments.

**THURSDAY MORNINGS -- The Church is always open 10am to 12 noon on
Thursday morning -- you would be welcome to pop into Church for some
quiet time, or to join us for a short, quiet service of Mass at 10.30.**

**Tea, Coffee and Cake from 11.15am.**

**SAINTS FOR THIS WEEK** include the Spanish 16th Century nun, mystic,
teacher, friend of St John of the Cross, and reformer of the Carmelite
Order **Teresa of Avila** (Tuesday); the 1st Century Martyr and Bishop
**St Ignatius of Antioch**, several of whose letters to various churches
have been preserved (Thursday); and **St Luke the Evangelist** (Friday).

**HUGE THANKS.** The last couple of Sundays have been very special
occasions for us, with the Patronal Festival on 29th September and our
Harvest Festival last Sunday. Thank you to everyone who helped in any
way with these occasions, for those who brought gifts of Harvest produce
for distribution to local charities, and for all who attended our
celebration services. And a special thanks to those who prepared the
church so beautifully for our celebrations -- weren't there some
wonderful flower arrangements for both festivals? We have some very
talented and dedicated people in our midst!!

**CHRISTMAS MARKET -- SATURDAY 30TH NOVEMBER 11am - 3pm.** Stalls will
include crafts & gifts; cakes; raffle and tombola; plants and gardening;
books and jigsaw puzzles; Father Christmas grotto. If you can help by
providing items for these stalls, or small gifts for children for the
grotto, please either put them in the Box at Back of Church or let one
of the organisers know what you will be bringing, also decorations so we
can make the hall festive and decorate the grotto. So now is the time to
have a look at home for any items you can donate to help us. And many
thanks to the organisers -- Alison Heywood, Catherine Garland, Alison
Ponter, Zoe and Eleanor.

**FOR OUR PRAYERS:** At this season of harvest and mellow fruitfulness
we pray for the well-being of Creation. For appreciation of Creation as
a gift to us from God for our enjoyment, health and well-being. For
leadership across the world and determination to reduce climate change,
pollution and the loss of species and biodiversity. For a fairer sharing
of the gifts of creation, and for the work of charities such as Water
Aid, Christian Aid, Oxfam and Save the Children as they bring food,
water and healthcare to those in need. For peace between nations and
peoples and for the resolution of conflict, especially in the Middle
East.

**We pray for those in need**, and especially Paul Jones, Glynis
Reynolds, Yvonne Young, Jessica O'Sullivan, Frank Carr, Lindsay Wheeler,
Peter Rowe, Martyn Nash, Fran, Keanna, Ellie Tomlinson, Sara Dray,
Robert Hill and Michael.

**We pray for the recently departed**. We remember those who have
faithfully served God in this Church in previous generations, and we
pray for those whose year's mind occurs this week: Thomas Milner Barlow,
Gweneth Bryson, Ann Cook, Freda Wallace.

**FROM THE BELLTOWER:** Friday, 4 October 2024 in 39m, **1274** **Xingu
River Surprise Minor** 1 Emma Jarvis 2 Jacqueline Barlow 3 Philip Jarvis
4 Mark Elvers 5 Pam Thomas 6 Neil Jones (C)

Remembering Valerie Brown, 29/9/2023, R.I.P.
