Hymns NEH 401, 485, 306, 388

# FIRST READING (Ezekiel 2: 1-5)

The Lord said to me: O mortal, stand up on your feet, and I will speak
with you. And when he spoke to me, a spirit entered into me and set me
on my feet; and I heard him speaking to me. He said to me, Mortal, I am
sending you to the people of Israel, to a nation of rebels who have
rebelled against me; they and their ancestors have transgressed against
me to this very day. The descendants are impudent and stubborn. I am
sending you to them, and you shall say to them, 'Thus says the
Lord God.' Whether they hear or refuse to hear (for they are a
rebellious house), they shall know that there has been a prophet among
them.

# RESPONSORIAL PSALM (Ps 123)

Response: Our eyes are on the Lord as we look for his mercy.

1\.  To you I lift up my eyes,\
you who dwell in the heavens:\
as the eyes of servants so our eyes\
look to the hand of their master. R.

2\. Like the eyes of a maidservant\
on the hand of her mistress,\
look to the Lord our God\
until he has mercy on us.  R.

3\. Have mercy on us, Lord, have mercy.\
We have had enough of contempt.\
Our soul has endured too much\
of the scorn of the rich,\
and the disdain of the proud. R.

# SECOND READING (2 Corinthians 12: 2-10)

I know a person in Christ who fourteen years ago was caught up to the
third heaven---whether in the body or out of the body I do not know; God
knows. And I know that such a person---whether in the body or out of the
body I do not know; God knows--- was caught up into Paradise and heard
things that are not to be told, that no mortal is permitted to
repeat. On behalf of such a one I will boast, but on my own behalf I
will not boast, except of my weaknesses. But if I wish to boast, I will
not be a fool, for I will be speaking the truth. But I refrain from it,
so that no one may think better of me than what is seen in me or heard
from me, even considering the exceptional character of the revelations.
Therefore, to keep me from being too elated, a thorn was given to me in
the flesh, a messenger of Satan to torment me, to keep me from being too
elated. Three times I appealed to the Lord about this, that it would
leave me, but he said to me, 'My grace is sufficient for you, for
power is made perfect in weakness.' So, I will boast all the more gladly
of my weaknesses, so that the power of Christ may dwell in me. Therefore
I am content with weaknesses, insults, hardships, persecutions, and
calamities for the sake of Christ; for whenever I am weak, then I am
strong.

# HOLY GOSPEL (Mark 6: 1-13)

Jesus came to his home town, and his disciples followed him. On the
sabbath he began to teach in the synagogue, and many who heard him were
astounded. They said, 'Where did this man get all this? What is this
wisdom that has been given to him? What deeds of power are being done by
his hands! Is not this the carpenter, the son of Mary and brother of
James and Joses and Judas and Simon, and are not his sisters here with
us?' And they took offence at him. Then Jesus said to them, 'Prophets
are not without honour, except in their home town, and among their own
kin, and in their own house.' And he could do no deed of power there,
except that he laid his hands on a few sick people and cured them. And
he was amazed at their unbelief.

Then he went about among the villages teaching. He called the twelve and
began to send them out two by two, and gave them authority over the
unclean spirits. He ordered them to take nothing for their journey
except a staff; no bread, no bag, no money in their belts; but to wear
sandals and not to put on two tunics. He said to them, 'Wherever you
enter a house, stay there until you leave the place. If any place will
not welcome you and they refuse to hear you, as you leave, shake off the
dust that is on your feet as a testimony against them.' So they went out
and proclaimed that all should repent. They cast out many demons, and
anointed with oil many who were sick and cured them.

# NEWS FROM ST MICHAEL'S

Priest-in-Charge Fr John Ainslie
([revjohnainslie@gmail.com](mailto:revjohnainslie@gmail.com);
01628 629827)

A very warm welcome to any new readers, and to visitors and
newcomers to St Michael's. If you are new to St Michael's, do join us
for refreshments in the Vestry Hall after the service, so we can welcome
you properly.

**SERVICES THIS WEEK:** Mass on Thursday at 10.30am (St Benedict of
Nursia). Next Sunday Sung Mass for Trinity 7 at 10.30am, with a focus on
the Revd John Keble and the Oxford Movement.

**SAINTS' DAYS THIS WEEK:** This Saturday is the memorial in the Church
of England of the Reformation martyrs St Thomas More and St John Fisher.
Thomas More was born in 1478, studied classics and law and was called to
the Bar at the age of 23. His talents and integrity impressed Henry VIII
who appointed him as his Chancellor. However, Thomas could not support
the King in his break with Rome and he was imprisoned and then executed
on 6th July 1535 for refusing to acknowledge the King as the supreme
head of the Church in England. John Fisher was a close friend of Thomas,
he reformed the life of the University of Cambridge and was made Bishop
of Rochester, where he proved an effective pastoral Bishop. He was
admired by Henry VIII until he too could not stomach the King declaring
himself supreme head of the Church in England in place of the Pope,
whereupon John was imprisoned and executed two weeks before Thomas. We
in the Church of England still live with the legacy of Henry's decision
to split from Rome (which was initially entirely about power and
control, and not about fundamental doctrine -- though it paved the way
for divergence in matters of faith and doctrine).

Thursday 11th is the Festival of St Benedict of Nursia, Abbot of Monte
Casino and Father of Western Monasticism, who died ca 550. Next Sunday
the Church remembers John Keble, Priest, poet and a leader of the Oxford
Movement.

**LATER TODAY, SUNDAY** there is the Blessing of the Fisheries ceremony
at St Peter's Folkstone at 3pm, followed by tea. All welcome -- I know
some of you enjoy this event and are planning to go again this year.

**THE PCC** meet on Wednesday of this week at 7.30pm.

**DATE FOR THE DIARY:** The annual Canterbury FiF BBQ at St Michael's
Harbledown is on Sunday 28th July starting at 3pm and ending with
Evensong and Benediction at 6pm. We enjoy very strong links with St
Michael's Harbledown, they had a strong representation at my Licensing
Service and Fr Peter there has been very encouraging to me in my
ministry here -- so it would be good to have a strong contingent from St
Michael's Maidstone to join in that enjoyable afternoon. If you need a
lift, or want to do some car-sharing, please let me know.

**PRAYERS FOR THE SICK AND THOSE IN NEED.** Forms are now available at
the back of church for requesting names to be included on our prayer
list. If you wish prayers for yourself or someone you know, or for a
particular situation, just fill in a Prayer Request form and pop it into
the post box at the back of church. Names will be prayed for at Mass on
Sunday and Thursday.

**FOR OUR PRAYERS:** This week in our National life we pray for our
new Government; in the wider world we pray for peace in places of
war including Ukraine, Sudan and Gaza, and for those affected by the
devastation in the Caribbean; in our Church life we pray for our PCC
meeting this coming week.

We pray for all those in need, and especially Paul Jones, Glynis
Reynolds, Yvonne Young, Jessica O'Sullivan, Ellie Pointer, Rue McGeouch,
Frank Carr, Lindsay Wheeler, Peter Rowe, William Danes-Volkov, Martyn
Nash and Fran.

We pray for the recently departed, for all those who faithfully
served God in this place in previous generations, and for those who's
year's mind occurs this Sunday and in the coming week: Helen Bird,
Christine Strachan, Robert Hickmott, Reginald Rust, Joyce Banfield and
Irene Horton

**From the Bell Tower:** Friday, 28 June 2024 in 38m (6--1--24 in C)\
1272 Triffid Surprise Minor\
Composed by Mark T Elvers\
1 Janice Byrne 2 Jacqueline Barlow 3 Stephen Coaker 4 Mark Elvers 5 Pam
Thomas 6 Neil Jones (C)

Remembering Christine Webb (25/6/2024) R.I.P.

Rung on the Saint's Day of Irenaeus, Bishop of Alexandria, Teacher of
the Faith, 444.
