**SECOND SUNDAY AFTER TRINITY Hymns 436, 381, 439, 391**

**FIRST READING Genesis 3.8-15** They heard the sound of the Lord God
walking in the garden at the time of the evening breeze, and the man and
his wife hid themselves from the presence of the Lord God among the
trees of the garden. But the Lord God called to the man, and said to
him, 'Where are you?' He said, 'I heard the sound of you in the garden,
and I was afraid, because I was naked; and I hid myself.' He said, 'Who
told you that you were naked? Have you eaten from the tree of which I
commanded you not to eat?' The man said, 'The woman whom you gave to be
with me, she gave me fruit from the tree, and I ate.' Then the Lord God
said to the woman, 'What is this that you have done?' The woman said,
'The serpent tricked me, and I ate.' The Lord God said to the serpent,
'Because you have done this, cursed are you among all animals and among
all wild creatures; upon your belly you shall go, and dust you shall eat
all the days of your life. I will put enmity between you and the woman,
and between your offspring and hers; he will strike your head, and you
will strike his heel.'

**RESPONSORIAL PSALM 130 *Response: With the Lord there is mercy and
fullness of redemption. ***

1\. Out of the depths I cry to you, O Lord; Lord, hear my voice!  
O let your ears be attentive; to the voice of my pleading. ***R.***

2\. If you, O Lord, should mark our guilt; Lord, who would survive?  
But with you is found forgiveness; for this we revere you. ***R.***

3\. My soul is waiting for the Lord: I count on his word.  
My soul is longing for the Lord more than watchmen count on daybreak:  
Let the watchmen count on daybreak and Israel on the Lord. ***R.***

4\. Because with the Lord there is mercy: and fullness of redemption,  
Israel indeed he will redeem: from all its iniquity. ***R.***

**SECOND READING 2 Corinthians 4.13-5.1** But just as we have the same
spirit of faith that is in accordance with scripture---'I believed, and
so I spoke'---we also believe, and so we speak, because we know that the
one who raised the Lord Jesus will raise us also with Jesus, and will
bring us with you into his presence. Yes, everything is for your sake,
so that grace, as it extends to more and more people, may increase
thanksgiving, to the glory of God. So we do not lose heart. Even though
our outer nature is wasting away, our inner nature is being renewed day
by day. For this slight momentary affliction is preparing us for an
eternal weight of glory beyond all measure, because we look not at what
can be seen but at what cannot be seen; for what can be seen is
temporary, but what cannot be seen is eternal. For we know that if the
earthly tent we live in is destroyed, we have a building from God, a
house not made with hands, eternal in the heavens.

**GOSPEL Mark 3.20-35** And the crowd came together again, so that they
could not even eat. When his family heard it, they went out to restrain
him, for people were saying, 'He has gone out of his mind.' And the
scribes who came down from Jerusalem said, 'He has Beelzebul, and by the
ruler of the demons he casts out demons.' And he called them to him, and
spoke to them in parables, 'How can Satan cast out Satan? If a kingdom
is divided against itself, that kingdom cannot stand. And if a house is
divided against itself, that house will not be able to stand. And if
Satan has risen up against himself and is divided, he cannot stand, but
his end has come. But no one can enter a strong man's house and plunder
his property without first tying up the strong man; then indeed the
house can be plundered. 'Truly I tell you, people will be forgiven for
their sins and whatever blasphemies they utter; but whoever blasphemes
against the Holy Spirit can never have forgiveness, but is guilty of an
eternal sin'--- for they had said, 'He has an unclean spirit.' Then his
mother and his brothers came; and standing outside, they sent to him and
called him. A crowd was sitting around him; and they said to him, 'Your
mother and your brothers and sisters are outside, asking for you.' And
he replied, 'Who are my mother and my brothers?' And looking at those
who sat around him, he said, 'Here are my mother and my brothers!
Whoever does the will of God is my brother and sister and mother.

***NEWS FROM ST MICHAEL\'S***

**Priest-in-Charge Fr John Ainslie (**<revjohnainslie@gmail.com>**;
01628 629827)**

*A very warm welcome* to any new readers, and to visitors and newcomers
to St Michael\'s. If you are new to St Michael\'s, do join us for
refreshments in the Vestry Hall after the service, so that we can
welcome you properly.

**Our Services:** Thursday 13th June, Mass at 10.30. Next Sunday,
16th June: Mass at 10.30.

**Summer Fun Day: This Saturday, June 15th!** Please publicise this
among your friends and neighbours! Competitions and attractions for
everyone from 10 am to 2 pm, including a tombola, a plant stall, crafts
and gifts, cakes, and refreshments. It will be HM The King\'s official
birthday -- so children may like to dress as kings, queens and
princesses and may win a prize! The St Michael\'s Schools\' Junior Choir
will be performing at 1 pm, and we look forward to welcoming them and
anyone who has a link with our schools. Entries will also be invited for
the Best Crown and the Best Scarecrow! Could you contribute plants,
craft items, tombola items (preferably with a garden/picnic/outdoor
theme) - or cakes etc. on the day? If you can offer help, Sara (07837
919761) and her helpers will be delighted to hear from you. A great
opportunity for St Michael\'s teamwork, which promises to be a great day
for us all. Warmest thanks for all Sara\'s ideas and effort, and let\'s
give her every support.

***Do you know Walsingham?*** In August of this year some of us are
joining a pilgrimage to this very special place -- but **in 2025 the PCC
plans for St Michael\'s to have a pilgrimage of our own from Tuesday to
Friday, the 27th-30th May (the May half-term week)**. Little
Walsingham in Norfolk has been known as "England\'s Nazareth", and has
been a place of pilgrimage, since the 11th century, when the lady of
the manor saw a vision of Our Lady, who instructed her to build a house
like the house at Nazareth where the Annunciation took place. Destroyed
under Henry VIII (though he had previously been there as a pilgrim
himself!), the shrine gained a new lease of life in the 20th century
and now has a strong ecumenical dimension, with Anglicans, Roman
Catholics, Methodists and Orthodox Christians among those involved in
the life and worship that centres upon it. A pilgrimage to Walsingham
can be a refreshment, an inspiration, a challenge (can I even begin to
conceive of the courage of Mary?) - or, less dramatic but just as
valuable, an invitation to do as Mary did when she *"kept all these
things, and pondered them in her heart."* Add to this the pleasure of
meeting other pilgrims, of joining in worship and in the ongoing
intercession offered there every day, of enjoying excellent local food,
and of exploring some lovely countryside and coast. The exact charges
for 2025 are not yet available, but for the 3 nights the cost should be
of the order of £290 (for adult full board -- reduced rates for
half-board and for children), and we expect to be able to organise car
shares to get there and back. Early enquiries to Fr John -- and if you
are new to the idea of Walsingham, just ask anyone who has been!

**PS -- To this year\'s Walsingham pilgrims: August is getting closer!
Deposits are now due and there is some paperwork for you to complete --
please collect this from Eleanor.**

**MADM (Making A Difference to Maidstone)** is partnering with Kent
County Council to restore pre-loved furniture, thus saving unwanted
items from disposal and helping those who need and want them. If you are
having a clear-out, or know someone who is downsizing, contact this
local Christian charity on 01622 687414 or email <madmstone@gmail.com>;
they may be able to collect, or you may arrange to deliver to their shop
at 28 High Street.

**Friends of Kent Churches** -- the charity supported by the Ride and
Stride event held every September -- is 75 years old this year. **Ride
and Stride 2024 will take place on September 14th**, and a **special
evensong** at All Saints\', Maidstone, is planned for 3.30 pm on
September 21st. It isn\'t too early to Indicate that you would like to
attend that service; email <frofkch@outlook.com>. And please note that
**Heritage Open Day** will coincide, as usual, with Ride and Stride on
**September 14th,\ ** and we shall open the church, as usual, to
welcome visitors who come to enjoy our Angel Windows. This year\'s theme
for the day is **"Routes, Networks, Connections"** - ideas welcome!

**From our Tower:**

**[Kent County Association](https://bb.ringingworld.co.uk/performances-report.php?association_id=19&year=2024)**
[**Maidstone**, Kent](https://dove.cccbr.org.uk/tower/12644#_blank): St
Michael and All Angels: Sunday, 19 May 2024 in 46m (6--1--24 in C)

**1260** **Grandsire Triples**

1. Jacqueline Barlow
2. Philip Jarvis
3. Charlotte Elvers
4. Janice Byrne
5. Karen Lebon
6. Rod Lebon
7. Neil Jones (C)
8. Mark Elvers

For Pentecost. 1st of Grandsire Triples: 3.

(More recent news from our Tower next week!)

**We pray for sick people everywhere,** including Paul, Margaret, Ellie,
Pauline, Rue, Fr Leon, Antony, Fran, Ellie, Tom, Joseph, Peter, Joan,
Margaret, Lindsay, Glynis, Ethan, Sarah, Yvonne, Jessica, Leon, HM The
King, and Catherine, Princess of Wales.

**And among the departed:** Marjory Dray, Brian Smith, Catherine
Carmody, John Frater.

***Could you pass this sheet on to someone else who might like to see
it?***
