**THIRD SUNDAY OF EPIPHANY Hymns 353, 50, 302, 393**

**FIRST READING Genesis 14.17-20** After his return from the defeat of
Chedorlaomer and the kings who were with him, the king of Sodom went out
to meet him at the Valley of Shaveh (that is, the King's Valley). And
King Melchizedek of Salem brought out bread and wine; he was priest of
God Most High. He blessed him and said, 'Blessed be Abram by God Most
High, maker of heaven and earth; and blessed be God Most High, who has
delivered your enemies into your hand!' And Abram gave him one-tenth of
everything.

**RESPONSORIAL PSALM 128**

***Response: Blessed are all those who fear the Lord, and walk in his
ways.***

Blessed are all those who fear the Lord, and walk in his ways.

You shall eat the fruit of the toil of your hands; it shall go well with
you, and happy shall you be.

***Blessed are all those who fear the Lord, and walk in his ways.***

Your wife within your house shall be like a fruitful vine;

your children round your table, like fresh olive branches.

Thus shall the one be blest who fears the Lord.

***Blessed are all those who fear the Lord, and walk in his ways.***

The Lord from out of Zion bless you,

that you may see Jerusalem in prosperity all the days of your life.

May you see your children's children, and may there be peace upon
Israel.

***Blessed are all those who fear the Lord, and walk in his ways.***

**SECOND READING Revelation 19.6-10** Then I heard what seemed to be the
voice of a great multitude, like the sound of many waters and like the
sound of mighty thunder-peals, crying out, 'Hallelujah! For the Lord our
God the Almighty reigns. Let us rejoice and exult and give him the
glory, for the marriage of the Lamb has come, and his bride has made
herself ready; to her it has been granted to be clothed with fine linen,
bright and pure'--- for the fine linen is the righteous deeds of the
saints. And the angel said to me, 'Write this: Blessed are those who are
invited to the marriage supper of the Lamb.' And he said to me, 'These
are true words of God.' Then I fell down at his feet to worship him, but
he said to me, 'You must not do that! I am a fellow-servant with you and
your comrades who hold the testimony of Jesus. Worship God! For the
testimony of Jesus is the spirit of prophecy.'

**GOSPEL John 2.1-11** On the third day there was a wedding in Cana of
Galilee, and the mother of Jesus was there. Jesus and his disciples had
also been invited to the wedding. When the wine gave out, the mother of
Jesus said to him, 'They have no wine.' And Jesus said to her, 'Woman,
what concern is that to you and to me? My hour has not yet come.' His
mother said to the servants, 'Do whatever he tells you.' Now standing
there were six stone water-jars for the Jewish rites of purification,
each holding twenty or thirty gallons. Jesus said to them, 'Fill the
jars with water.' And they filled them up to the brim. He said to them,
'Now draw some out, and take it to the chief steward.' So they took it.
When the steward tasted the water that had become wine, and did not know
where it came from (though the servants who had drawn the water knew),
the steward called the bridegroom and said to him, 'Everyone serves the
good wine first, and then the inferior wine after the guests have become
drunk. But you have kept the good wine until now.' Jesus did this, the
first of his signs, in Cana of Galilee, and revealed his glory; and his
disciples believed in him.

***Could you pass this sheet on to someone else who might like to see
it?***

