
## Priest-in-Charge Fr John Ainslie ([revjohnainslie@gmail.com](mailto:revjohnainslie@gmail.com); 01628 629827)

**A very warm welcome** to any new readers, and to visitors and
newcomers to St Michael\'s. If you are new to St Michael\'s, do join us
for refreshments in the Vestry Hall after the service so we can welcome
you properly.

**PRAYER REQUEST SLIPS** are available at the back of church if you want
to request prayer for yourself, for someone else or for a particular
situation.

**SERVICES THIS WEEK:** Thursday Mass at 10.30am followed by
refreshments

**NEXT SUNDAY:** Feast of Christ the King Sung Mass at 10.30am followed
by refreshments.

**CHRISTMAS MARKET**

**SATURDAY 30TH NOVEMBER 11am - 3pm**

**SAVE THE DATE - PLAN TO COME**

**BRING A FRIEND OR NEIGHBOUR !!**

**CAN YOU PUT A POSTER IN YOUR WINDOW, OR AT WORK, OR IN YOUR LOCAL SHOP?**

**WANTED:** Small gifts for children for Santa's Grotto; prizes for raffle
and tombola; donations for stalls: crafts & gifts; cakes; raffle and
tombola; plants and gardening; books and jigsaw puzzles. There are boxes
at the entrance to the Ascension Chapel, or contact Alison Heywood,
Catherine Garland or Eleanor.

**SAINTS FOR THIS WEEK:** Tuesday - Abbess Hilda of Whitby (680AD);
Wednesday -- Edmund, king and martyr (870AD); Friday -- St Cecilia
(c.230AD); Saturday -- Clement, Bishop of Rome and martyr (c.100AD)

**NOVEMBER (2):** In previous Parish News I have reminded you of the
need to have a Will, and to plan your funeral arrangements. Both of
these will ease the path for your relatives when the time comes, and
planning your funeral is an opportunity to think about how important
your faith has been in your life, and to reflect this in your funeral
service.

This week, I want to emphasise the importance of considering a Power of
Attorney. None of us know if through accident or failing health we may
find ourselves unable to deal with our financial affairs or to make
decisions on our healthcare, or (if you are a parent) to care for our
young children. The answer could be to put in place NOW appropriate
arrangements via a Power of Attorney. Think about it.... It\'s too late
to do it when you have already become incapacitated!

**FOR OUR PRAYERS:** We continue to pray for the UN COP Climate Change
Conference, and for our own efforts to reduce our carbon footprint and
care for creation; we pray for all survivors of abuse, and for those
charged with protecting children and vulnerable adults, especially in
the Church. We pray for the people of the United States of America and
their recently elected politicians. We pray for the care homes of our
parish -- for residents and their families, and for the staff - and
those who provide care for people in their own homes.

**We pray for those in need**, and especially Paul Jones, Glynis
Reynolds, Yvonne Young, Jessica O'Sullivan, Lindsay Wheeler, Martyn
Nash, Fran, Ellie Tomlinson, Sara Dray, Robert Hill, Michael, Alan and
Beryl Haigh, David Green.

**We pray for the recently departed**, including Alwyn Marian Chapman.
We remember those who have faithfully served God in this Church in
previous generations, and we pray for those whose year's mind occurs
this week: Tony Read, Monica Wakelin, Judith Brown, David William
O'Sullivan.

**FROM THE BELLTOWER:** **Sunday, 10 November 1263** **Stedman Triples**
1 Rupert Cheeseman 2 Philip Jarvis 3 Jacqueline Barlow 4 Jane L
Kostelnyk 5 Mark Elvers 6 Pam Thomas 7 Neil Jones (C) 8 Stephen Coaker

Rung half-muffled for the Fallen on Remembrance Sunday.
