Hymns NEH 42, 29, 39, 297

**St Michael and All Angels -- a Parish under the Patronage of Our Lady
of Walsingham**

# FIRST READING (1 Samuel 2: 1: 20-28)

A reading from the first book of Samuel.

In due time Hannah conceived and bore a son. She named him Samuel, for
she said, 'I have asked him of the Lord.'

The man Elkanah and all his household went up to offer to the Lord the
yearly sacrifice, and to pay his vow. But Hannah did not go up, for she
said to her husband, 'As soon as the child is weaned, I will bring him,
that he may appear in the presence of the Lord, and remain there for
ever; I will offer him as a nazirite for all time.' Her husband Elkanah
said to her, 'Do what seems best to you, wait until you have weaned him;
only---may the Lord establish his word.' So the woman remained and
nursed her son, until she weaned him. When she had weaned him, she took
him up with her, along with a three-year-old bull, an ephah of flour,
and a skin of wine. She brought him to the house of the Lord at Shiloh;
and the child was young. Then they slaughtered the bull, and they
brought the child to Eli. And she said, 'Oh, my lord! As you live, my
lord, I am the woman who was standing here in your presence, praying to
the Lord. For this child I prayed; and the Lord has granted me the
petition that I made to him. Therefore I have lent him to the Lord; as
long as he lives, he is given to the Lord.'

She left him there for the Lord.

# RESPONSORIAL PSALM (From Ps 84)

## Response: They are happy who dwell in your house, O Lord.

1\. How lovely is your dwelling place,\
Lord, God of hosts.\
My soul is longing and yearning,\
yearning for the courts of the Lord. ***R.***

2\. They are happy who dwell in your house,\
For ever singing your praise.\
They are happy whose strength is in you;\
they walk with ever growing strength. ***R.***

# SECOND READING (1 John 3: 1-2, 21-24)

## A reading from the first letter of John.

See what love the Father has given us, that we should be called children
of God; and that is what we are. The reason the world does not know us
is that it did not know him. Beloved, we are God's children now; what we
will be has not yet been revealed. What we do know is this: when he is
revealed, we will be like him, for we will see him as he is. Beloved, if
our hearts do not condemn us, we have boldness before God; and we
receive from him whatever we ask, because we obey his commandments and
do what pleases him.

And this is his commandment, that we should believe in the name of his
Son Jesus Christ and love one another, just as he has commanded us. All
who obey his commandments abide in him, and he abides in them. And by
this we know that he abides in us, by the Spirit that he has given us.

# HOLY GOSPEL (Luke 2: 41-end)

Now every year his parents went to Jerusalem for the festival of the
Passover. And when he was twelve years old, they went up as usual for
the festival. When the festival was ended and they started to return,
the boy Jesus stayed behind in Jerusalem, but his parents did not know
it. Assuming that he was in the group of travellers, they went a day's
journey. Then they started to look for him among their relatives and
friends. When they did not find him, they returned to Jerusalem to
search for him. After three days they found him in the temple, sitting
among the teachers, listening to them and asking them questions. And all
who heard him were amazed at his understanding and his answers. When his
parents saw him they were astonished; and his mother said to him,
'Child, why have you treated us like this? Look, your father and I have
been searching for you in great anxiety.' He said to them, 'Why were you
searching for me? Did you not know that I must be in my Father's
house?' But they did not understand what he said to them. Then he went
down with them and came to Nazareth, and was obedient to them. His
mother treasured all these things in her heart.

And Jesus increased in wisdom and in years, and in divine and human
favour.

