Hymns NEH 234, 465, 306, 339

**St Michael and All Angels -- a Parish under the Patronage of Our Lady
of Walsingham**

# FIRST READING (Wisdom 1:16 -- 2:1, 12-22)

## A reading from the book of Wisdom.

The ungodly by their words and deeds summoned death; considering him a
friend, they pined away and made a covenant with him, because they are
fit to belong to his company.

For they reasoned unsoundly, saying to themselves, 'Short and sorrowful
is our life, and there is no remedy when a life comes to its end, and no
one has been known to return from Hades. 'Let us lie in wait for the
righteous man, because he is inconvenient to us and opposes our actions;
he reproaches us for sins against the law and accuses us of sins against
our training. He professes to have knowledge of God, and calls himself a
child of the Lord. He became to us a reproof of our thoughts; the very
sight of him is a burden to us, because his manner of life is unlike
that of others, and his ways are strange. We are considered by him as
something base, and he avoids our ways as unclean; he calls the last end
of the righteous happy, and boasts that God is his father.\
Let us see if his words are true, and let us test what will happen at
the end of his life; for if the righteous man is God's child, he will
help him, and will deliver him from the hand of his adversaries. Let us
test him with insult and torture,\
so that we may find out how gentle he is, and make trial of his
forbearance. Let us condemn him to a shameful death,\
for, according to what he says, he will be protected.'

Thus they reasoned, but they were led astray, for their wickedness
blinded them and they did not know the secret purposes of God, nor hoped
for the wages of holiness, nor discerned the prize for blameless souls;

# RESPONSORIAL PSALM (From Ps 54)

## Response: The Lord upholds my life.

1\. O God, save me by your name;\
by your power uphold my cause.\
O God, hear my prayer;\
listen to the words of my mouth. ***R.***

2\. For proud men have risen against me,\
Ruthless men seek my life.\
They have no regard for God. ***R.***

3\. But I have God for my help.\
The Lord upholds my life.\
I will sacrifice to you with willing heart\
and praise your name for it is good. ***R.***

# SECOND READING (James 3: 13 -- 4:3, 7-8)

## A reading from the letter of James.

Who is wise and understanding among you? Show by your good life that
your works are done with gentleness born of wisdom. But if you have
bitter envy and selfish ambition in your hearts, do not be boastful and
false to the truth. Such wisdom does not come down from above, but is
earthly, unspiritual, devilish. For where there is envy and selfish
ambition, there will also be disorder and wickedness of every kind. But
the wisdom from above is first pure, then peaceable, gentle, willing to
yield, full of mercy and good fruits, without a trace of partiality or
hypocrisy. And a harvest of righteousness is sown in peace for those who
make peace.

Those conflicts and disputes among you, where do they come from? Do they
not come from your cravings that are at war within you? You want
something and do not have it; so you commit murder. And you
covet something and cannot obtain it; so you engage in disputes and
conflicts. You do not have, because you do not ask. You ask and do not
receive, because you ask wrongly, in order to spend what you get on your
pleasures.\
Submit yourselves therefore to God. Resist the devil, and he will flee
from you. Draw near to God, and he will draw near to you. Cleanse your
hands, you sinners, and purify your hearts, you double-minded.

# HOLY GOSPEL (Mark 9: 30-37)

Jesus and his disciples went on from there and passed through Galilee.
Jesus did not want anyone to know it; for he was teaching his disciples,
saying to them, 'The Son of Man is to be betrayed into human hands, and
they will kill him, and three days after being killed, he will rise
again.' But they did not understand what he was saying and were afraid
to ask him.

Then they came to Capernaum; and when he was in the house he asked them,
'What were you arguing about on the way?' But they were silent, for on
the way they had argued with one another about who was the greatest. He
sat down, called the twelve, and said to them, 'Whoever wants to be
first must be last of all and servant of all.' Then he took a little
child and put it among them; and taking it in his arms, he said to
them, 'Whoever welcomes one such child in my name welcomes me, and
whoever welcomes me welcomes not me but the one who sent me.'

