**FOURTH SUNDAY OF EASTER Hymns NEH 101, 351, 118, 113**

**FIRST READING Acts 4.5-12** The next day their rulers, elders, and
scribes assembled in Jerusalem, with Annas the high priest, Caiaphas,
John, and Alexander, and all who were of the high-priestly family. When
they had made the prisoners stand in their midst, they inquired, 'By
what power or by what name did you do this?' Then Peter, filled with the
Holy Spirit, said to them, 'Rulers of the people and elders, if we are
questioned today because of a good deed done to someone who was sick and
are asked how this man has been healed, let it be known to all of you,
and to all the people of Israel, that this man is standing before you in
good health by the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, whom you crucified,
whom God raised from the dead. This Jesus is "the stone that was
rejected by you, the builders; it has become the cornerstone." There is
salvation in no one else, for there is no other name under heaven given
among mortals by which we must be saved.'

**RESPONSORIAL PSALM 23 *Response: The Lord is my shepherd; I shall not
be in want.***

1 The Lord is my shepherd; I shall not be in want.

2 He makes me lie down in green pastures   
and leads me beside still waters. ***R***

3 He revives my soul   
and guides me along right pathways for his name's sake.

4 Though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death,  
I shall fear no evil; for you are with me;  
your rod and your staff, they comfort me. ***R***

5 You spread a table before me  
in the presence of those who trouble me;  
you have anointed my head with oil,  
and my cup is running over.

6 Surely your goodness and mercy shall follow me  
all the days of my life,  
and I will dwell in the house of the Lord for ever. ***R***

**SECOND READING 1 John 3.16-24** We know love by this, that he laid
down his life for us---and we ought to lay down our lives for one
another. How does God's love abide in anyone who has the world's goods
and sees a brother or sister in need and yet refuses help? Little
children, let us love, not in word or speech, but in truth and action.
And by this we will know that we are from the truth and will reassure
our hearts before him whenever our hearts condemn us; for God is greater
than our hearts, and he knows everything. Beloved, if our hearts do not
condemn us, we have boldness before God; and we receive from him
whatever we ask, because we obey his commandments and do what pleases
him. And this is his commandment, that we should believe in the name of
his Son Jesus Christ and love one another, just as he has commanded us.
All who obey his commandments abide in him, and he abides in them. And
by this we know that he abides in us, by the Spirit that he has given
us.

**GOSPEL John 10.11-18** 'I am the good shepherd. The good shepherd lays
down his life for the sheep. The hired hand, who is not the shepherd and
does not own the sheep, sees the wolf coming and leaves the sheep and
runs away---and the wolf snatches them and scatters them. The hired hand
runs away because a hired hand does not care for the sheep. I am the
good shepherd. I know my own and my own know me, just as the Father
knows me and I know the Father. And I lay down my life for the sheep. I
have other sheep that do not belong to this fold. I must bring them
also, and they will listen to my voice. So there will be one flock, one
shepherd. For this reason the Father loves me, because I lay down my
life in order to take it up again. No one takes it from me, but I lay it
down of my own accord. I have power to lay it down, and I have power to
take it up again. I have received this command from my Father.'

***NEWS FROM ST MICHAEL\'S***

**Priest-in-Charge Fr John Ainslie** (<revjohnainslie@gmail.com>;
01628 629827)

*A very warm welcome* to any new readers, and to visitors and newcomers
to St Michael\'s. If you are new to St Michael\'s, do join us for
refreshments in the Vestry Hall after the service, so that we can
welcome you properly.

**Our Services:** Thursday (St Mark\'s Day) Mass at 10.30am, and next
Sunday Mass at 10.30am.

**Next Sunday, April 28th, is the date of our Annual Meeting.** This
falls into two parts -- the Annual Meeting for the Election of
Churchwardens and the Annual Parochial Church Meeting -- and will take
place in church immediately after Mass. Elections at the Parochial
Church Meeting include those of Deanery Synod members and PCC members.
Are you willing to serve, or can you encourage someone else? Nomination
forms will be found at the back of the church; please hand completed
forms to Jonathan or Eleanor. This is a time to take stock of the past
year and to think about our visions and hopes for the future of St
Michael\'s. Many of the reports for this meeting are being made
available in advance -- but do think of any questions, comments or
corrections you may want to offer at the meeting itself.

**A piece of history!** When he saw last week\'s photograph of Fr John
and Fr Paul with the Archbishop of Canterbury, St Michael\'s
historian David Cleggett was pleased to note the embroidered Tudor roses
appliquéd on the chasuble worn by Fr John. These, he tells us, came from
the original red altar frontal of 1877, and it was David and his wife
Mavis who, when the frontal had to be replaced about 60 years ago,
salvaged the roses and incorporated them into that chasuble, giving them
a new lease of life and preserving a link with the first days of St
Michael\'s. In the 1870s, even coloured altar frontals were widely
viewed with suspicion, and coloured vestments did not appear at St
Michael\'s until the 1920s. The beauty of holiness in our worship is
something we can all too easily take for granted, and it\'s good to
acknowledge the generosity, the craftsmanship, the political acumen and
the sheer determination (sometimes very costly) that gained for Catholic
worship within the Church of England the freedom and recognition that it
enjoys today.

**Forward in Faith Festival, at St Alban the Martyr, Holborn, Saturday
11th May, 12 noon-4 pm.**

There are still some spaces available; please contact
<admin.assistant@forwardinfaith.com>, and donate £10 for lunch (always
worth it!) before 26th April. The Festival is always an interesting
and enjoyable occasion with inspiring worship and music -- and a chance
to learn more about what is happening among parishes like our own. As a
parish we are affiliated to Forward in Faith, but if you have never got
around to joining as an individual member, do think about it; the
website (<https://www.forwardinfaith.com/index.php>) provides all the
information.

**The Canterbury Cathedral "What\'s On" guide** (April-June) can be
downloaded from the Cathedral website
(canterbury-cathedral.org/whats-on/). It\'s full of possibilities --
special acts of worship, concerts, recitals, activities for families....
Visit the site also for details of the new version of the Cathedral
Pass.

**From our Tower:**

[Kent County
Association](https://bb.ringingworld.co.uk/performances-report.php?association_id=19&year=2024)
[Maidstone, Kent](https://dove.cccbr.org.uk/tower/12644#_blank) - St
Michael and All Angels

Friday, 19 April 2024 in 36m (6--1--24 in C)

**1320 Primrose Surprise Minor**

1. Janice Byrne
2. Jacqueline Barlow
3. Philip Jarvis
4. Mark Elvers
5. Pam Thomas
6. Stephen Coaker (C)

Remembering Steve Davis 17/4/2020 and Margaret Jones 12/4/2023. R.I.P.

We shall be welcoming a team of visiting ringers on 31st July between
3.15 and 4.15 pm.

**Among the sick, we remember particularly:** Paul, Margaret, Ellie,
Pauline, Rue, Fr Leon, Antony, Fran, Ellie, Tom, Joseph, Peter, Joan,
Margaret, Lindsay, Glynis, Ethan, Sarah, Yvonne, Jessica, HM The King
and Catherine, Princess of Wales.

**And among the departed:** Marjory Huxley, May Pilbeam, Constance
Rickerby, Harry Mills,

Mary Taylor.

***Could you pass this sheet on to someone else who might like to see
it?***
