Hymns NEH 467, 333, 431, 368

**St Michael and All Angels -- a Parish under the Patronage of Our Lady
of Walsingham**

# FIRST READING (Daniel 12: 1-3)

## A reading from the book of Daniel.

At that time Michael, the great prince, the protector of your people,
shall arise. There shall be a time of anguish, such as has never
occurred since nations first came into existence. But at that time your
people shall be delivered, everyone who is found written in the
book. Many of those who sleep in the dust of the earth shall awake, some
to everlasting life, and some to shame and everlasting contempt. Those
who are wise shall shine like the brightness of the sky, and those who
lead many to righteousness, like the stars for ever and ever.

# RESPONSORIAL PSALM (From Ps 16)

## Response: Preserve me God, for I take refuge in you.

1\. O Lord it is you who are my portion and my cup,\
it is you yourself who are my prize.\
I keep the Lord ever in my sight;\
since he is at my right hand, I shall stand firm. ***R.***

2\. You will not leave my soul among the dead,\
nor let your beloved know decay.\
You will show me the path of life,\
the fullness of joy in your presence. ***R.***

# SECOND READING (Hebrews 10: 11-14, 19-25)

## A reading from the letter to the Hebrews.

And every priest stands day after day at his service, offering again and
again the same sacrifices that can never take away sins. But when
Christ had offered for all time a single sacrifice for sins, 'he sat
down at the right hand of God', and since then has been waiting 'until
his enemies would be made a footstool for his feet.' For by a single
offering he has perfected for all time those who are sanctified.

Therefore, my friends, since we have confidence to enter the sanctuary
by the blood of Jesus, by the new and living way that he opened for us
through the curtain (that is, through his flesh), and since we have a
great priest over the house of God, let us approach with a true heart in
full assurance of faith, with our hearts sprinkled clean from an evil
conscience and our bodies washed with pure water. Let us hold fast to
the confession of our hope without wavering, for he who has promised is
faithful. And let us consider how to provoke one another to love and
good deeds, not neglecting to meet together, as is the habit of some,
but encouraging one another, and all the more as you see the Day
approaching.

# HOLY GOSPEL (Mark 13: 1-8)

As he came out of the temple, one of his disciples said to him, 'Look,
Teacher, what large stones and what large buildings!' Then Jesus asked
him, 'Do you see these great buildings? Not one stone will be left here
upon another; all will be thrown down.'

When he was sitting on the Mount of Olives opposite the temple, Peter,
James, John, and Andrew asked him privately, 'Tell us, when will this
be, and what will be the sign that all these things are about to be
accomplished?' Then Jesus began to say to them, 'Beware that no one
leads you astray. Many will come in my name and say, "I am he!" and they
will lead many astray. When you hear of wars and rumours of wars, do not
be alarmed; this must take place, but the end is still to come. For
nation will rise against nation, and kingdom against kingdom; there will
be earthquakes in various places; there will be famines. This is but the
beginning of the birth pangs.

