
**Priest-in-Charge Fr John Ainslie (**<revjohnainslie@gmail.com>**;
01628 629827)**

*A very warm welcome* to any new readers, and to visitors and newcomers
to St Michael\'s. If you are new to St Michael\'s, do join us for
refreshments in the Vestry Hall after the service, so that we can
welcome you properly.

**Our Services:** Thursday 13th June, Mass at 10.30. Next Sunday,
16th June: Mass at 10.30.

**Summer Fun Day: This Saturday, June 15th!** Please publicise this
among your friends and neighbours! Competitions and attractions for
everyone from 10 am to 2 pm, including a tombola, a plant stall, crafts
and gifts, cakes, and refreshments. It will be HM The King\'s official
birthday -- so children may like to dress as kings, queens and
princesses and may win a prize! The St Michael\'s Schools\' Junior Choir
will be performing at 1 pm, and we look forward to welcoming them and
anyone who has a link with our schools. Entries will also be invited for
the Best Crown and the Best Scarecrow! Could you contribute plants,
craft items, tombola items (preferably with a garden/picnic/outdoor
theme) - or cakes etc. on the day? If you can offer help, Sara (07837
919761) and her helpers will be delighted to hear from you. A great
opportunity for St Michael\'s teamwork, which promises to be a great day
for us all. Warmest thanks for all Sara\'s ideas and effort, and let\'s
give her every support.

***Do you know Walsingham?*** In August of this year some of us are
joining a pilgrimage to this very special place -- but **in 2025 the PCC
plans for St Michael\'s to have a pilgrimage of our own from Tuesday to
Friday, the 27th-30th May (the May half-term week)**. Little
Walsingham in Norfolk has been known as "England\'s Nazareth", and has
been a place of pilgrimage, since the 11th century, when the lady of
the manor saw a vision of Our Lady, who instructed her to build a house
like the house at Nazareth where the Annunciation took place. Destroyed
under Henry VIII (though he had previously been there as a pilgrim
himself!), the shrine gained a new lease of life in the 20th century
and now has a strong ecumenical dimension, with Anglicans, Roman
Catholics, Methodists and Orthodox Christians among those involved in
the life and worship that centres upon it. A pilgrimage to Walsingham
can be a refreshment, an inspiration, a challenge (can I even begin to
conceive of the courage of Mary?) - or, less dramatic but just as
valuable, an invitation to do as Mary did when she *"kept all these
things, and pondered them in her heart."* Add to this the pleasure of
meeting other pilgrims, of joining in worship and in the ongoing
intercession offered there every day, of enjoying excellent local food,
and of exploring some lovely countryside and coast. The exact charges
for 2025 are not yet available, but for the 3 nights the cost should be
of the order of Â£290 (for adult full board -- reduced rates for
half-board and for children), and we expect to be able to organise car
shares to get there and back. Early enquiries to Fr John -- and if you
are new to the idea of Walsingham, just ask anyone who has been!

**PS -- To this year\'s Walsingham pilgrims: August is getting closer!
Deposits are now due and there is some paperwork for you to complete --
please collect this from Eleanor.**

**MADM (Making A Difference to Maidstone)** is partnering with Kent
County Council to restore pre-loved furniture, thus saving unwanted
items from disposal and helping those who need and want them. If you are
having a clear-out, or know someone who is downsizing, contact this
local Christian charity on 01622 687414 or email <madmstone@gmail.com>;
they may be able to collect, or you may arrange to deliver to their shop
at 28 High Street.

**Friends of Kent Churches** -- the charity supported by the Ride and
Stride event held every September -- is 75 years old this year. **Ride
and Stride 2024 will take place on September 14th**, and a **special
evensong** at All Saints\', Maidstone, is planned for 3.30 pm on
September 21st. It isn\'t too early to Indicate that you would like to
attend that service; email <frofkch@outlook.com>. And please note that
**Heritage Open Day** will coincide, as usual, with Ride and Stride on
**September 14th,\ ** and we shall open the church, as usual, to
welcome visitors who come to enjoy our Angel Windows. This year\'s theme
for the day is **"Routes, Networks, Connections"** - ideas welcome!

**From our Tower:**

**[Kent County Association](https://bb.ringingworld.co.uk/performances-report.php?association_id=19&year=2024)**
[**Maidstone**, Kent](https://dove.cccbr.org.uk/tower/12644#_blank): St
Michael and All Angels: Sunday, 19 May 2024 in 46m (6--1--24 in C)

**1260** **Grandsire Triples**

1. Jacqueline Barlow
2. Philip Jarvis
3. Charlotte Elvers
4. Janice Byrne
5. Karen Lebon
6. Rod Lebon
7. Neil Jones (C)
8. Mark Elvers

For Pentecost. 1st of Grandsire Triples: 3.

(More recent news from our Tower next week!)

**We pray for sick people everywhere,** including Paul, Margaret, Ellie,
Pauline, Rue, Fr Leon, Antony, Fran, Ellie, Tom, Joseph, Peter, Joan,
Margaret, Lindsay, Glynis, Ethan, Sarah, Yvonne, Jessica, Leon, HM The
King, and Catherine, Princess of Wales.

**And among the departed:** Marjory Dray, Brian Smith, Catherine
Carmody, John Frater.

***Could you pass this sheet on to someone else who might like to see
it?***
