Hymns NEH 285, 76, 376, 461

**St Michael and All Angels -- a Parish under the Patronage of Our Lady
of Walsingham**

**Our Church and Parish is the prayer intention for today in the
Canterbury Diocesan cycle of prayer, so we will be prayed for today by
Christians across the Diocese.**

# FIRST READING (Isaiah 50: 4-9a)

## A reading from the prophet Isaiah

The Lord God has given me the tongue of a teacher, that I may know how
to sustain the weary with a word. Morning by morning he wakens - wakens
my ear to listen as those who are taught. The Lord God has opened my
ear, and I was not rebellious, I did not turn backwards. I gave my back
to those who struck me, and my cheeks to those who pulled out the beard;
I did not hide my face from insult and spitting.

The Lord God helps me; therefore I have not been disgraced; therefore I
have set my face like flint, and I know that I shall not be put to
shame; he who vindicates me is near.\
Who will contend with me? Let us stand up together. Who are my
adversaries? Let them confront me.\
It is the Lord God who helps me; who will declare me guilty?

# RESPONSORIAL PSALM (From Ps 116)

## Response: I will walk in the presence of the Lord in the land of the living.

1\. I love the Lord for he has heard\
the cry of my appeal;\
for he turned his ear to me,\
in the day when I called to him. ***R.***

2\. How gracious is the Lord, and just;\
our God has compassion.\
The Lord protects the simple hearts;\
I was helpless so he saved me. ***R.***

3\. He has kept my soul from death,\
My eyes from tears and my feet from stumbling.\
I will walk in the presence of the Lord\
in the land of the living. ***R.***

# SECOND READING (James 3: 1-12)

## A reading from the letter of James.

Not many of you should become teachers, my brothers and sisters, for you
know that we who teach will be judged with greater strictness. For all
of us make many mistakes. Anyone who makes no mistakes in speaking is
perfect, able to keep the whole body in check with a bridle. If we put
bits into the mouths of horses to make them obey us, we guide their
whole bodies. Or look at ships: though they are so large that it takes
strong winds to drive them, yet they are guided by a very small rudder
wherever the will of the pilot directs. So also the tongue is a small
member, yet it boasts of great exploits.

How great a forest is set ablaze by a small fire! And the tongue is a
fire. The tongue is placed among our members as a world of iniquity; it
stains the whole body, sets on fire the cycle of nature, and is itself
set on fire by hell. For every species of beast and bird, of reptile and
sea creature, can be tamed and has been tamed by the human species, but
no one can tame the tongue---a restless evil, full of deadly
poison. With it we bless the Lord and Father, and with it we curse those
who are made in the likeness of God. From the same mouth come blessing
and cursing. My brothers and sisters, this ought not to be so. Does a
spring pour forth from the same opening both fresh and brackish
water? Can a fig tree, my brothers and sisters, yield olives, or a
grapevine figs? No more can salt water yield fresh.

# HOLY GOSPEL (Mark 8: 27-end)

Jesus went on with his disciples to the villages of Caesarea Philippi;
and on the way he asked his disciples, 'Who do people say that I
am?' And they answered him, 'John the Baptist; and others, Elijah; and
still others, one of the prophets.' He asked them, 'But who do you say
that I am?' Peter answered him, 'You are the Messiah.' And he sternly
ordered them not to tell anyone about him.

Then he began to teach them that the Son of Man must undergo great
suffering, and be rejected by the elders, the chief priests, and the
scribes, and be killed, and after three days rise again. He said all
this quite openly. And Peter took him aside and began to rebuke him. But
turning and looking at his disciples, he rebuked Peter and said, 'Get
behind me, Satan! For you are setting your mind not on divine things but
on human things.'

He called the crowd with his disciples, and said to them, 'If any want
to become my followers, let them deny themselves and take up their cross
and follow me. For those who want to save their life will lose it, and
those who lose their life for my sake, and for the sake of the
gospel, will save it. For what will it profit them to gain the whole
world and forfeit their life? Indeed, what can they give in return for
their life? Those who are ashamed of me and of my words in this
adulterous and sinful generation, of them the Son of Man will also be
ashamed when he comes in the glory of his Father with the holy angels.'

