**SUNDAY AFTER ASCENSION Hymns NEH 130, 352, 296, 134**

**FIRST READING (Acts 1.15-17,21-26)** *A reading from the Acts of the
Apostles:* In those days Peter stood up among the believers (together
the crowd numbered about one hundred and twenty people) and said,
'Friends, the scripture had to be fulfilled, which the Holy Spirit
through David foretold concerning Judas, who became a guide for those
who arrested Jesus--- for he was numbered among us and was allotted his
share in this ministry.' So one of the men who have accompanied us
throughout the time that the Lord Jesus went in and out among us,
beginning from the baptism of John until the day when he was taken up
from us---one of these must become a witness with us to his
resurrection.' So they proposed two, Joseph called Barsabbas, who was
also known as Justus, and Matthias. Then they prayed and said, 'Lord,
you know everyone's heart. Show us which one of these two you have
chosen to take the place in this ministry and apostleship from which
Judas turned aside to go to his own place.' And they cast lots for them,
and the lot fell on Matthias; and he was added to the eleven apostles.

**RESPONSORIAL PSALM 1** ***Response: Happy are they who trust in the
Lord.***

1 Happy are they who have not walked in the counsel of the wicked,  
nor lingered in the way of sinners, nor sat in the seats of the  
scornful!  

2 Their delight is in the law of the Lord,  
and they meditate on his law day and night.*** R***

3 They are like trees planted by streams of water, bearing fruit in due season,  
with leaves that do not wither; everything they do shall  
prosper. ***R***

4 It is not so with the wicked:  
they are like chaff which the wind blows away;  

5 Therefore the wicked shall not stand upright when judgement comes,  
nor the sinner in the council of the righteous.  

6 For the Lord knows the way of the righteous,  
but the way of the wicked is doomed. ***R***

**SECOND READING 1 John 5.9-13** *A reading from the first Letter of
John:* If we receive human testimony, the testimony of God is greater;
for this is the testimony of God that he has testified to his Son. Those
who believe in the Son of God have the testimony in their hearts. Those
who do not believe in God have made him a liar by not believing in the
testimony that God has given concerning his Son. And this is the
testimony: God gave us eternal life, and this life is in his Son.
Whoever has the Son has life; whoever does not have the Son of God does
not have life. I write these things to you who believe in the name of
the Son of God, so that you may know that you have eternal life.

**GOSPEL John 17.6-19** 'I have made your name known to those whom you
gave me from the world. They were yours, and you gave them to me, and
they have kept your word. Now they know that everything you have given
me is from you; for the words that you gave to me I have given to them,
and they have received them and know in truth that I came from you; and
they have believed that you sent me. I am asking on their behalf; I am
not asking on behalf of the world, but on behalf of those whom you gave
me, because they are yours.All mine are yours, and yours are mine; and I
have been glorified in them. And now I am no longer in the world, but
they are in the world, and I am coming to you. Holy Father, protect them
in your name that you have given me, so that they may be one, as we are
one. While I was with them, I protected them in your name that you have
given me. I guarded them, and not one of them was lost except the one
destined to be lost, so that the scripture might be fulfilled. But now I
am coming to you, and I speak these things in the world so that they may
have my joy made complete in themselves. I have given them your word,
and the world has hated them because they do not belong to the world,
just as I do not belong to the world. I am not asking you to take them
out of the world, but I ask you to protect them from the evil one. They
do not belong to the world, just as I do not belong to the world.
Sanctify them in the truth; your word is truth. As you have sent me into
the world, so I have sent them into the world. And for their sakes I
sanctify myself, so that they also may be sanctified in truth.

***Could you pass this sheet on to someone else who might like to see
it?***

***NEWS FROM ST MICHAEL\'S***

**Priest-in-Charge Fr John Ainslie (**<revjohnainslie@gmail.com>**;
01628 629827)**

*A very warm welcome* to any new readers, and to visitors and newcomers
to St Michael\'s. If you are new to St Michael\'s, do join us for
refreshments in the Vestry Hall after the service, so that we can
welcome you properly. A special thank you and welcome to Fr Paul
Matthias, who is celebrating Mass for us while Fr John is on holiday.

***Our Services in the coming week:** Thursday -- Mass at 10.30 am;
Sunday -- Mass at 10.30 am.*

**Thank you, St Michael\'s!** We have received a warm message of
appreciation from the Romanian Orthodox congregation who held their
Easter worship in our church last weekend. Their priest, Fr Mihail, then
left immediately to minister in Scotland, where the Romanian Orthodox
have no official centre for worship and no available priest. Here we
have a church, a parish priest of our own, and the opportunity of a full
sacramental life - do we realise how much ***we*** have to be thankful
for?

A not dissimilar thought is prompted by an appreciative letter from the
manager at **Maidstone Homeless Care** in Knightrider Street, to whom we
sent Â£180 after our Frugal Lent Lunch: "\...In these difficult times, it
is heart-warming to know that there are people such as yourselves, on
whom we can rely to keep our services operational\...On behalf of
Homeless Care, we thank you." The Food Bank and Day Centre in
Knightrider Street support not only homeless people but also other
individuals and families who are vulnerable or in difficulties. Gifts of
money and food are always appreciated -- visit their website on
www.homelesscare.org.uk.

**The date for Peggy Thresh\'s Memorial Service** is not yet finalised,
but it is expected to be in the last week of June.

**Summer Fun Day: June 15th!** We can start looking forward to this
already -- and publicising it. We\'ll have competitions and attractions
for everyone from **10 am to 2 pm**, including a tombola, a plant stall,
cakes and refreshments. It will be the official birthday of HM The King
-- so children dressed as kings and princesses will be most welcome and
may win a prize! Could **you** contribute plants, tombola items
(preferably with a garden/picnic/outdoor theme) - or cakes etc. on the
day? Entries invited for the best crown and the best scarecrow -- and
there will also be a dog show!

**From Our Tower:**

***[Kent County
Association](https://bb.ringingworld.co.uk/performances-report.php?association_id=19&year=2024):***
[**Maidstone**, Kent](https://dove.cccbr.org.uk/tower/12644#_blank), St
Michael and All Angels

Sunday, 28 April 2024 in 38m (6--1--24 in C)

**1272 Norwich Surprise Minor**

1. Terry Barnard
2. Jacqueline Barlow
3. Emma Jarvis
4. Mark Elvers
5. Philip Jarvis
6. Neil Jones (C)

In Thanksgiving for the life of Peggy Thresh, who died on 23/4/2024 aged
102 years, and in memory of John Tester (24/4/22). R.I.P.

Sunday, 5 May 2024 in 39m (6--1--24 in C)

**1271 Bamborough Surprise Minor**

[Composed by Mark T
Elvers](https://bb.ringingworld.co.uk/comp.php?id=2297331)

1. Emma Jarvis
2. Jacqueline Barlow
3. Janice Byrne
4. Mark Elvers
5. Philip Jarvis
6. Neil Jones (C)

Rung on the sixth Sunday of Easter.

**Friends of Oaken Wood** have arranged an **Evening Bat Walk**, led by
an expert recorder, for the evening of Saturday, 25th May. It will
begin at the Redstart pub. For the starting time, and for FREE
membership of the Friends, please visit
<https://friendsofoakenwood.org/>.

**As half-term approaches, Canterbury Cathedral is advertising several
family attractions,** including special Family Tours and Stone Week
sessions with hands-on experience of stone-carving. These are FREE if
you already have entry to the Cathedral. For further information, and/or
to find out about the new Cathedral passes, please visit the Cathedral
website.

**We pray for sick people everywhere, including:** Paul, Margaret,
Ellie, Pauline, Rue, Fr Leon, Antony, Fran, Ellie, Tom, Joseph, Peter,
Joan, Margaret, Lindsay, Glynis, Ethan, Sarah, Yvonne, Jessica, HM The
King, with thanksgiving for his return to public duties, and Catherine,
Princess of Wales

**\...and for the Departed,** including: Mary Flisher, Margaret Kent,
Ellen Tame, Cyril Hudson.
