**EPIPHANY 2024 Hymns 52, 47, 48, 49**

**FIRST READING Isaiah 60.1-6 Arise, shine; for your light has come, and
the glory of the Lord has risen upon you. For darkness shall cover the
earth, and thick darkness the peoples; but the Lord will arise upon you,
and his glory will appear over you. Nations shall come to your light,
and kings to the brightness of your dawn. Lift up your eyes and look
around; they all gather together, they come to you; your sons shall come
from far away, and your daughters shall be carried on their nurses'
arms. Then you shall see and be radiant; your heart shall thrill and
rejoice, because the abundance of the sea shall be brought to you, the
wealth of the nations shall come to you. A multitude of camels shall
cover you, the young camels of Midian and Ephah; all those from Sheba
shall come. They shall bring gold and frankincense, and shall proclaim
the praise of the Lord.**

**RESPONSORIAL PSALM 72 *Response: All nations shall fall prostrate
before you, O Lord.***

**1. O God, give your judgement to the King: to a King's son your
justice,**

**That he may judge your people in justice: and your poor in right
judgement. *R.***

**2. In his days justice shall flourish: and peace till the moon
fails.**

**He shall rule from sea to sea: from the great river to earth's bounds.
*R.***

**3. The kings of Tarshish and the sea coasts shall pay him tribute;**

**the kings of Sheba and Seba shall bring him gifts.**

**Before him all kings shall fall prostrate: all nations shall serve
him. *R.***

**4. For he shall save the poor when they cry: and the needy who are
helpless.**

**He will have pity on the weak: and save the lives of the poor. *R.***

**SECOND READING Ephesians 3.1-12 This is the reason that I Paul am a
prisoner for Christ Jesus for the sake of you Gentiles--- for surely you
have already heard of the commission of God's grace that was given to me
for you, and how the mystery was made known to me by revelation, as I
wrote above in a few words, a reading of which will enable you to
perceive my understanding of the mystery of Christ. In former
generations this mystery was not made known to humankind, as it has now
been revealed to his holy apostles and prophets by the Spirit: that is,
the Gentiles have become fellow-heirs, members of the same body, and
sharers in the promise in Christ Jesus through the gospel. Of this
gospel I have become a servant according to the gift of God's grace that
was given to me by the working of his power. Although I am the very
least of all the saints, this grace was given to me to bring to the
Gentiles the news of the boundless riches of Christ, and to make
everyone see what is the plan of the mystery hidden for ages in God who
created all things; so that through the church the wisdom of God in its
rich variety might now be made known to the rulers and authorities in
the heavenly places. This was in accordance with the eternal purpose
that he has carried out in Christ Jesus our Lord, in whom we have access
to God in boldness and confidence through faith in him.**

**GOSPEL Matthew 2.1-12 In the time of King Herod, after Jesus was born
in Bethlehem of Judea, wise men from the East came to Jerusalem, asking,
'Where is the child who has been born king of the Jews? For we observed
his star at its rising, and have come to pay him homage.' When King
Herod heard this, he was frightened, and all Jerusalem with him; and
calling together all the chief priests and scribes of the people, he
inquired of them where the Messiah was to be born. They told him, 'In
Bethlehem of Judea; for so it has been written by the prophet: "And you,
Bethlehem, in the land of Judah, are by no means least among the rulers
of Judah; for from you shall come a ruler who is to shepherd my people
Israel."' Then Herod secretly called for the wise men and learned from
them the exact time when the star had appeared. Then he sent them to
Bethlehem, saying, 'Go and search diligently for the child; and when you
have found him, bring me word so that I may also go and pay him homage.'
When they had heard the king, they set out; and there, ahead of them,
went the star that they had seen at its rising, until it stopped over
the place where the child was. When they saw that the star had stopped,
they were overwhelmed with joy. On entering the house, they saw the
child with Mary his mother; and they knelt down and paid him homage.
Then, opening their treasure-chests, they offered him gifts of gold,
frankincense, and myrrh. And having been warned in a dream not to return
to Herod, they left for their own country by another road.**

***Could you pass on this sheet to someone else who might like to see
it?***

***NEWS FROM ST MICHAEL\'S***

***A very warm welcome*** to any new readers, and to visitors and
newcomers to St Michael\'s. A special welcome-back and thanks to Fr Paul
Matthias, our celebrant this morning, who will also kindly be saying
Mass for us on **Thursday at 10.30 am.** If you are new to St
Michael\'s, do join us in the Vestry Hall after the service, so that we
can welcome you properly.

**Epiphany Chalk?** At today\'s Mass, according to ancient custom, chalk
will be blessed and all are invited to take a piece home to mark their
door or lintel with the initials of the traditional names of the three
wise men. (Pick up in the narthex a piece of paper explaining how this
is done). A *Church Times* article some years ago commented,"**This
Epiphany ceremony is a simple but meaningful act of witness which
symbolises Christian willingness to offer hospitality and shelter to the
Magi on their journey to Bethlehem, and also, by extension in today's
world, to welcome all and sundry who love or are seeking the Lord's
Christ."**

***Don\'t forget* our Service of Music and Readings for Epiphany,** with
an augmented choir directed by Gareth James, which takes place at 5 pm
today and will be followed by seasonal refreshments in the Vestry Hall.
Could **you** invite a friend or family member who doesn\'t yet know St
Michael\'s? Everyone is welcome, and this is the kind of service -- with
some relaxed socialising - at which visitors sometimes like to "test the
water"!

**Valerie Stickland\'s funeral** will take place at Vinters Park on
31st January at 1.15 pm. Further details shortly.

**Pilgrimage to Walsingham, August 19th-24th.** Some enquiries
already received, but there must surely be more to come. Walsingham just
after August 15th is a beautiful, quiet, prayerful place in which to
spend time with God and with our Lady (whose example of loving obedience
continually points us towards Him) while enjoying the lovely countryside
and coast of north Norfolk. If you have never made a Walsingham
pilgrimage before and want to know more, do speak to Fr Paul or to
Eleanor. An enquiry at this stage doesn\'t commit you -- it\'s just
helpful to Fr Peter Harnden, who is arranging and leading the
pilgrimage, if he can have a rough idea of possible numbers when he
makes a preliminary booking later this month.

**The Parochial Church Council meets on 10th January in the Vestry
Hall at 7.30 pm.** If there is any matter you would like raised, please
speak to a PCC member **today.**

**Worship.Works** has arranged an Ignite! Meet-up at Maidstone House
Level 3, on Thursday 11th January, 6 -7.30 pm. A chance for Christian
professionals to meet one another and explore Biblical principles for
serving God through their work. Tickets (£3 per person) are available
via Eventbrite.

**From Our Tower:**

**Kent County Association,
[Maidstone](https://dove.cccbr.org.uk/tower/12644#_blank)**[,
Kent](https://dove.cccbr.org.uk/tower/12644#_blank)

St Michael and All Angels

Sunday, 31 December 2023 in 2h 40 (6--1--24 in C)

**5056** **Yorkshire Surprise Major**

[Composed by Anthony J
Cox](https://bb.ringingworld.co.uk/comp.php?id=2294989)

1. John E Haimes
2. Josephine D Horton
3. Jacqueline M Barlow
4. Fiona M Wheeler
5. Paul A Cammiade
6. Richard A Pearce
7. Stephen A Wheeler (C)
8. Andrew M Hills

1st on 8 - 1

Half-muffled for the repose of the souls of the faithful departed during
the last year.

***Can someone very kindly take charge of washing and ironing the altar
linen** (corporals, lavabo towels and purificators)? We are most
grateful to Katja, who has done this in the recent past but is now
unable to continue. We can arrange to deliver and collect if transport
poses a problem. Please speak to Jonathan if you think you may be able
to help.*

***Thy Kingdom Come** is an international and ecumenical movement
praying for the spread of the Good News among those who have not yet
heard it. In particular, there will be a Wave of Prayer in May 2024
between Ascension and Pentecost. Visit the website for more
information.*
