
## Priest-in-Charge Fr John Ainslie ([revjohnainslie@gmail.com](mailto:revjohnainslie@gmail.com); 01628 629827)

**A very warm welcome** to any new readers, and to visitors and
newcomers to St Michael's. If you are new to St Michael's, do join us
for refreshments in the Vestry Hall after the service, so we can welcome
you properly.

**PRAYER REQUEST SLIPS** are available at the back of church if you want
to request prayer for yourself, for someone else or for a particular
situation.

**SERVICES THIS WEEK:** Thursday Mass at 10.30am (The Transfiguration).
Next Sunday Sung Mass 10.30am.

**FEAST OF THE TRANSFIGURATION** falls on Tuesday, and we will keep it
at our Thursday Mass. This important Feast of Our Lord recalls the event
when Jesus took his closest disciples onto a mountain, where they saw
him transfigured in glory, accompanied by Moses and Elijah (representing
the OT Law and the Prophets) and his Father's voice proclaimed: "This is
my Son, my Chosen One; listen to him!" Read the full story in Luke
9:28-36.

**SAINTS FOR THIS WEEK:** Amongst other Saints Days this week, Monday
celebrates the 7th Century **St Oswald of Northumbria, King and
Martyr**. From a Royal, and Christian, family, Oswald was baptised by
Columba's monks whilst in exile on Iona, and on his return took with him
St Aidan, who he established as the first Bishop of Lindisfarne, giving
him Holy Island as his base. The two worked to establish Northumbria as
a Christian kingdom, and Bede in his *Ecclesiastical History of the
English People* tells how Oswald accompanied Aidan on his missionary
journeys across the region and acted as his translator as Aidan knew
little of the local language. Oswald was known for his humility and
generosity. He died in 642 defending his kingdom from attack by the
pagan tribes of Mercia.

On Friday the Anglican Communion remembers **Mary Sumner**, Founder in
1876 of the Mothers' Union in the Church of England, which has grown
into an international Christian organisation supporting family life and
the bringing up of children in the Christian faith.

**Date for your diaries: MASS OF OUR LADY OF WALSINGHAM --Saturday
17th August at 10.30am, followed by a meeting of the St Michael's Cell
of OLW.**

**FOR OUR PRAYERS:** We pray for a peaceful resolution of tensions in
the Middle East and an end to the war in Gaza; for tolerance between
communities and faiths in our own country and relief from mob violence;
for all those affected by the tragic events in Southport, especially
those injured or bereaved, and we give thanks for the many acts of love
and practical kindness following the attack; we pray for family life,
that children would be safe, know themselves to be loved and cared for,
and would grow up learning about the Christian faith.

**We pray for all those in need**, and especially Paul Jones, Glynis
Reynolds, Yvonne Young, Jessica O'Sullivan, Ellie Pointer, Rue McGeouch,
Frank Carr, Lindsay Wheeler, Peter Rowe, William Danes-Volkov, Martyn
Nash, Lisa Thompset, Fran, Keanna, Ellie Tomlinson and Claire Goodwin.

**We pray for the recently departed**, including Elsie, Bebe and Alice,
the three girls who died in the attack in Southport. We remember those
who have faithfully served God in this place in previous generations,
and pray for those who's year's mind occurs this week: Bishop Anthony
Bloom, Mollie Mason, Doreen Dukes.
