
## Priest-in-Charge Fr John Ainslie ([revjohnainslie@gmail.com](mailto:revjohnainslie@gmail.com); 01628 629827)

**A very warm welcome** to any new readers, and to visitors and
newcomers to St Michael\'s. If you are new to St Michael\'s, do join us
for refreshments in the Vestry Hall after the service so we can welcome
you properly.

**PRAYER REQUEST SLIPS** are available at the back of church if you
would like someone you know (or yourself) included on the prayer list we
use in church.

**SERVICES THIS WEEK:** Thursday: Mass at 10.30. Saturday: Mass of Our
Lady at 10.30am. Next Sunday: Sung Mass 10.30am, followed by
refreshments. Next Sunday also marks the Accession of King Charles III.

On Tuesday, the Church remembers **Pope Gregory the Great**, a very
pastoral and spiritual Pope but also a highly astute administrator and
diplomat. In 595 he sent Augustine and forty monks on a mission to
re-found the English Church, Augustine becoming the first Archbishop of
Canterbury in 597.

**NEXT SATURDAY 7th** we have our monthly Mass of Our Lady of
Walsingham, all welcome especially those who have joined the St
Michael's Cell of OLW. **Followed by a Gardening Working Party** with
refreshments, as we prepare our church and grounds for Heritage Open
Day. As much help as possible would be appreciated, no gardening
expertise required but please bring basic tools (secateurs, trowel etc)
if you can.

**HERITAGE OPEN DAY** is on Saturday 14th September -- mark the date,
come along and learn more about our precious building and its history.
There is a list at back of church for volunteers to welcome visitors.
Also, Catherine Garland is participating in Ride+Stride and has a
sponsorship form at back of church.

**AUTUMN DATES FOR YOUR DIARY:** As summer hols come to an end and the
schools return, here are **key dates for the Autumn** **for you to note
and put in your diaries**:

Saturday 14th September -- Heritage Open Day

Sunday 29th September -- Patronal Festival Mass for St Michael and All
Angels, followed by a Parish Lunch.

Saturday 5th October -- Mass of Our Lady

Sunday 27th October -- Dedication Festival, celebrating the
Anniversary of the Consecration of our Church in 1876, and re-dedicating
ourselves to serve Christ and His Church in this place. Probably
followed by a lunch somewhere.

Thursday 31st October -- All Souls Commemoration of the Faithful
Departed

Saturday 2nd November -- Mass of Our Lady

Sunday 3rd November -- Festival of All Saints

Sunday 10th November -- Remembrance Sunday

**FOR OUR PRAYERS:** We pray for our schools as they reopen after the
summer break, remembering those starting a new school this year, and
especially for teachers, staff and pupils of St Michael's Infants and
Juniors. We pray for peace particularly in Gaza and the Middle East.

**We pray for those in need**, and especially Paul Jones, Glynis
Reynolds, Yvonne Young, Jessica O'Sullivan, Frank Carr, Lindsay Wheeler,
Peter Rowe, William Danes-Volkov, Martyn Nash, Lisa Thompset, Fran,
Keanna, Ellie Tomlinson, Claire Goodwin, Sara Dray and Robert Hill.

**We pray for the recently departed**. We remember those who have
faithfully served God in this Church in previous generations, and we
pray for those whose year's mind occurs this week: Peter Jordan, Daisy
de Winton, George Burbridge and Edna Francis. May they rest in peace and
rise in glory.

**From the Belltower:**

Friday, 23 August 2024 in 40m **1272 Westminster Surprise Minor**

1 Jacqueline Barlow 2 Stephen Coaker 3 Emma Jarvis 4 Mark Elvers 5 Pam
Thomas 6 Neil Jones (C)

Remembering Father Paul Gibbons, R.I.P.

Sunday, 25 August 2024 in 45m **1260 Stedman Triples**

1 Nigel Pointer 2 Mike Birkbeck 3 Jacqueline Barlow 4 Stephen Coaker 5
Kath White 6 Steve Newlands 7 Neil Jones (C) 8 Mark Elvers

Rung on the Feast Day of St Bartholomew.
