
***A very warm welcome*** to any new readers, and to visitors and
newcomers to St Michael\'s. A special welcome and thanks to Fr Paul
Matthias, our celebrant this morning, who will also kindly be saying
Mass for us on **Thursday at 10.30 am.** If you are new to St
Michael\'s, do join us in the Vestry Hall after the service, so that we
can welcome you properly.

**Today is Mothering Sunday** -- also known as Refreshment Sunday. A
good day to think with thanksgiving, not only of our mothers, but of all
those (teachers, godparents, grandparents, other family members, clergy,
older friends\...) who have nurtured us in our individual Christian
lives. We also give thanks for the dedication and love of Blessed Mary
and for her continuing intercession for us all, and also for our mother
the Church, who guides and nourishes us, her children, with Word and
Sacraments.

**Much activity was visible in Tonbridge Road** last week. No, not more
roadworks! - Fr John was moving into the vicarage. We hope that he and
his rescue dog Rosa will find it a very happy home, and we look forward
to welcoming Fr John as our new parish priest, at his Licensing on
Thursday, 21st March, at 7 pm.

**Everyone connected with St Michael\'s is of course invited,** and
acceptances have been coming in from well-wishers in the community,
deanery and diocese, as well as from Fr John\'s previous parish in
Maidenhead. We expect to have well over 100 guests at the reception
afterwards in the Parish Hall. Alison P and Sue M will be happy to
receive ideas and offers of help.

**You will find a list** at the back of church -- please sign up for
what you would like to contribute.

**Most important of all: please be there to take part, and show St
Michael\'s at its most welcoming!**

**A warm thank you from Fr John** for his card and welcome-basket, which
were duly delivered on the day of his arrival.

**Lilies and Posies:** For our Easter flower arrangements, St Michael\'s
people often like to contribute a lily in memory of a loved one. This
year the expected cost of a lily will be about Â£5 and you are invited to
sign the list at the back of church. Please give your flower money to
Margaret G.

And a huge **Thank you to Sue,** who has created today\'s Mothering
Sunday posies.

**Bishop Norman** has been an immensely supportive friend and pastor to
St Michael\'s. If you would like to make a contribution for a gift to
mark his approaching retirement, Eleanor will be glad to receive it. We
hope to make the presentation on the evening of Fr John\'s Licensing, at
which Bishop Norman will be the preacher. He will be celebrating his
final Chrism Mass in this diocese at Canterbury Cathedral on Tuesday in
Holy Week at 12 noon. If you didn\'t manage to sign up for the sandwich
lunch that day, you will still be most welcome at the service itself; it
is always a most inspiring occasion, and this time it will be Bishop
Norman\'s last engagement in Canterbury. Do allow plenty of time for
parking; it may be advisable to use Park and Ride.

**From our Tower: Kent County Association -
[Maidstone](https://dove.cccbr.org.uk/tower/12644#_blank)**[,
**Kent**](https://dove.cccbr.org.uk/tower/12644#_blank)**, St Michael
and All Angels**

Sunday, 3 March 2024 in 42m (6--1--24 in C)

**1260** **Stedman Triples**

1. Stuart Cox
2. Philip Jarvis
3. Jacqueline Barlow
4. Paul Barton
5. Phillip Barnes
6. Elizabeth Barnes
7. Neil Jones (C)
8. Mark Elvers

Remembering Bob Powell-Williams, whose funeral was on 27/2/2024, and
Chris Cozens (1/3/2024), R.I.P.

On Good Friday a half-muffled peal will be rung, from 9.30 am to 1.00 pm
approximately.

**Our Annual Parochial Meeting** will be held on 28th April. It isn\'t
too soon to start thinking of using our talents and experience to help
our church family, via the Parochial Church Council or in some other
way. Something for us all to pray about: as we look forward to a new
chapter in the life of St Michael\'s, new openings will become obvious
and there will be new chances to help.

**Among the Sick,** we pray particularly for Paul, Margaret, Ellie,
Pauline, Rue, Fr Leon, Antony, Fran, Ellie, Tom, Joseph, Peter, Joan,
Margaret, Lindsay, Glynis, Ethan, Sarah, Yvonne, and HM The King.

**Among the Departed,** we remember Gladys Shrubsole and Ken Landi.

***Could you pass on this sheet to someone else who might like to see
it?***
