Hymns NEH 339, 457, 302, 413

# FIRST READING ( Jeremiah 23: 1-6)

Woe to the shepherds who destroy and scatter the sheep of my pasture!
says the Lord. Therefore, thus says the Lord, the God of Israel,
concerning the shepherds who shepherd my people: It is you who have
scattered my flock, and have driven them away, and you have not attended
to them. So I will attend to you for your evil doings, says
the Lord. Then I myself will gather the remnant of my flock out of all
the lands where I have driven them, and I will bring them back to their
fold, and they shall be fruitful and multiply. I will raise up shepherds
over them who will shepherd them, and they shall not fear any longer, or
be dismayed, nor shall any be missing, says the Lord.

The days are surely coming, says the Lord, when I will raise up for
David a righteous Branch, and he shall reign as king and deal wisely,
and shall execute justice and righteousness in the land. In his days
Judah will be saved and Israel will live in safety. And this is the name
by which he will be called: 'The Lord is our righteousness.'

# RESPONSORIAL PSALM (Ps 23)

Response: The Lord is my shepherd, I shall not want.

1. The Lord is my shepherd, I shall not want.\
He makes me lie down in green pastures.\
He leads me beside still waters;\
he restores my soul. R.

2. He leads me in right paths for his names sake.\
Even though I walk through the\
darkest valley I fear no evil;\
for you are with me,\
your rod and your staff they comfort me.  R.

3. You prepare a table before me in the presence of my enemies,\
You anoint my head with oil, and my cup overflows.\
Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me\
   all the days of my life,\
and I shall dwell in the house of the Lord for ever. R.

# SECOND READING (Ephesians 2: 11-end)

So then, remember that at one time you Gentiles by birth, called 'the
uncircumcision' by those who are called 'the circumcision'---a physical
circumcision made in the flesh by human hands--- remember that you were
at that time without Christ, being aliens from the commonwealth of
Israel, and strangers to the covenants of promise, having no hope and
without God in the world. But now in Christ Jesus you who once were far
off have been brought near by the blood of Christ. For he is our peace;
in his flesh he has made both groups into one and has broken down the
dividing wall, that is, the hostility between us. He has abolished the
law with its commandments and ordinances, so that he might create in
himself one new humanity in place of the two, thus making peace, and
might reconcile both groups to God in one body through the cross, thus
putting to death that hostility through it. So he came and proclaimed
peace to you who were far off and peace to those who were near; for
through him both of us have access in one Spirit to the Father. So then
you are no longer strangers and aliens, but you are citizens with the
saints and also members of the household of God, built upon the
foundation of the apostles and prophets, with Christ Jesus himself as
the cornerstone. In him the whole structure is joined together and grows
into a holy temple in the Lord; in whom you also are built together
spiritually into a dwelling-place for God.

# HOLY GOSPEL (Mark 6: 30-34, 53-end)

The apostles gathered around Jesus, and told him all that they had done
and taught. He said to them, 'Come away to a deserted place all by
yourselves and rest a while.' For many were coming and going, and they
had no leisure even to eat. And they went away in the boat to a deserted
place by themselves. Now many saw them going and recognized them, and
they hurried there on foot from all the towns and arrived ahead of
them. As he went ashore, he saw a great crowd; and he had compassion for
them, because they were like sheep without a shepherd; and he began to
teach them many things.

When they had crossed over, they came to land at Gennesaret and moored
the boat. When they got out of the boat, people at once recognized
him, and rushed about that whole region and began to bring the sick on
mats to wherever they heard he was. And wherever he went, into villages
or cities or farms, they laid the sick in the market-places, and begged
him that they might touch even the fringe of his cloak; and all who
touched it were healed.

# NEWS FROM ST MICHAEL'S

Priest-in-Charge Fr John Ainslie
([revjohnainslie@gmail.com](mailto:revjohnainslie@gmail.com);
01628 629827)

A very warm welcome to any new readers, and to visitors and
newcomers to St Michael's. If you are new to St Michael's, do join us
for refreshments in the Vestry Hall after the service, so we can welcome
you properly.

**SERVICES THIS WEEK:** Mass on Thursday at 10.30am (St James the
Apostle). Next Sunday Sung Mass for Trinity 8 at 10.30am.

**SAINTS FOR THIS WEEK:** This week the Church celebrates the Festivals
of two Saints from New Testament times:

Monday is the Festival of **St Mary Magdalene**, who features in all
four Gospels. She is assumed to be from Magdala, just north of Tiberias
on the Western shore of Lake Galilee. She received healing from Jesus
and became a faithful disciple, being amongst the faithful women who
stayed besides the cross at Jesus' crucifixion. All four Gospels record
that Mary Magdalene discovered the empty tomb on Easter morning --
"Early on the first day of the week, while it was still dark, Mary
Magdalene came to the tomb and saw that the stone had been removed from
the tomb." She was privileged with the first appearance of the Risen
Lord, who sent her to take the news to the other disciples -- hence the
early Church gave her the title of "Apostle to the Apostles" (Apostle
meaning "one who is sent").

Thursday is the Feast Day of **St James the Apostle**, Galilean
fisherman and brother of John. Peter, James and John were amongst the
closest of Jesus' disciples. A leader of the early Church, he was
martyred by Herod Agrippa in the year 44 in a vain attempt to stem the
growth of Christianity.

**NEXT SUNDAY - BBQ:** Next Sunday afternoon 28th July we are joining
with our friends at St Michael's Harbledown for a BBQ on starting at
3pm and ending with a lovely service of Evensong and Benediction at
6pm. I hope that as many of us as possible will be able to go, using
car-share to ease the burden of driving, and treating this as an
opportunity for a very enjoyable Parish outing together -- food,
friends, a beautiful church and lovely worship. It would be good to know
if you plan to go: there is a sign-up sheet at the back of Church.

**SUMMER FUN DAY -- FINAL TOTAL:** I am delighted to say that the total
raised at our Summer Fun day was in excess of £900. A fantastic result,
well done to all who contributed or visited us for the Fun Day.

**PRAYER REQUEST SLIPS** are available at the back of church if you want
to request prayer for yourself, for someone else or for a particular
situation. Prayers may be offered either by a Priest privately or
included in our regular intercessions in church (in which case names
will be prayed for at Mass on Sundays and Thursdays).

**FOR OUR PRAYERS:** This week we pray for our schoolchildren,
especially at St Michael's Primary and Junior schools, as they come
towards the end of another school year. May they have a safe and
enjoyable summer break, and we pray for those children who will be
starting a new school in September. We pray for all the staff of the
schools that they too may find refreshment and relaxation at the end of
a busy year. In our Church life, we pray for growth in faith and
discipleship, and for growth in numbers as new people find a welcome
among us to join our worship and serve the Lord.

We pray for all those in need, and especially Paul Jones, Glynis
Reynolds, Yvonne Young, Jessica O'Sullivan, Ellie Pointer, Rue McGeouch,
Frank Carr, Lindsay Wheeler, Peter Rowe, William Danes-Volkov, Martyn
Nash, Lisa Thompset, Fran, Keanna and Ellie Tomlinson.

We pray for the recently departed, for all those who faithfully
served God in this place in previous generations, and for those who's
year's mind occurs this week: Ellen Breed, Mary Dalladay, and Warner Kim
Hall.

**From the Belltower:** Sunday, 14 July 2024 in 43m (6--1--24 in C)\
1320 Westminster Surprise Minor\
1 Jacqueline Barlow 2 Jane L Kostelnyk 3 Emma Jarvis 4 Janice Byrne 5
Philip Jarvis 6 Neil Jones (C)

Rung in memory of James H Foster (July 2024), Irene Horton (12/7/22) and
Jeanette Ardley (18/7/16), RIP.
