Hymns NEH 443, 362, 374, 408

# FIRST READING ( 1 Kings 19: 4-8)

## A reading from the First book of Kings.

Elijah went a day's journey into the wilderness, and came and sat down
under a solitary broom tree. He asked that he might die: 'It is enough;
now, O Lord, take away my life, for I am no better than my
ancestors.' Then he lay down under the broom tree and fell asleep.
Suddenly an angel touched him and said to him, 'Get up and eat.' He
looked, and there at his head was a cake baked on hot stones, and a jar
of water. He ate and drank and lay down again. The angel of
the Lord came a second time, touched him, and said, 'Get up and eat,
otherwise the journey will be too much for you.' He got up and ate and
drank; then he went in the strength of that food for forty days and
forty nights to Horeb the mount of God.

# RESPONSORIAL PSALM (From Ps 34)

## Response: O taste and see that the Lord is good.

1\. I will bless the Lord at all times,\
his praise always on my lips;\
in the Lord shall my soul make its boast.\
The humble shall hear and be glad. ***R.***

2\. Glorify the Lord with me.\
Together let us praise his name.\
I sought the Lord and he answered me;\
from all my terrors he set me free. ***R.***

3\. The angel of the Lord is encamped\
Around those who revere him. To rescue them.\
Taste and see that the Lord is good.\
He is happy who seeks refuge in him. ***R.***

# SECOND READING (Ephesians 4: 25 -- 5: 2)

## A reading from the letter of St Paul to the Ephesians.

So then, putting away falsehood, let all of us speak the truth to our
neighbours, for we are members of one another. Be angry but do not sin;
do not let the sun go down on your anger, and do not make room for the
devil. Thieves must give up stealing; rather let them labour and work
honestly with their own hands, so as to have something to share with the
needy. Let no evil talk come out of your mouths, but only what is useful
for building up, as there is need, so that your words may give grace to
those who hear. And do not grieve the Holy Spirit of God, with which you
were marked with a seal for the day of redemption. Put away from you all
bitterness and wrath and anger and wrangling and slander, together with
all malice, and be kind to one another, tender-hearted, forgiving one
another, as God in Christ has forgiven you. Therefore be imitators of
God, as beloved children, and live in love, as Christ loved us and gave
himself up for us, a fragrant offering and sacrifice to God.

# HOLY GOSPEL (John 6: 35, 41-51)

Jesus said to them, 'I am the bread of life. Whoever comes to me will
never be hungry, and whoever believes in me will never be thirsty.

Then the Jews began to complain about him because he said, 'I am the
bread that came down from heaven.' They were saying, 'Is not this Jesus,
the son of Joseph, whose father and mother we know? How can he now say,
"I have come down from heaven"?' Jesus answered them, 'Do not complain
among yourselves. No one can come to me unless drawn by the Father who
sent me; and I will raise that person up on the last day. It is written
in the prophets, "And they shall all be taught by God." Everyone who has
heard and learned from the Father comes to me. Not that anyone has seen
the Father except the one who is from God; he has seen the Father. Very
truly, I tell you, whoever believes has eternal life. I am the bread of
life. Your ancestors ate the manna in the wilderness, and they
died. This is the bread that comes down from heaven, so that one may eat
of it and not die. I am the living bread that came down from heaven.
Whoever eats of this bread will live for ever; and the bread that I will
give for the life of the world is my flesh.'

# NEWS FROM ST MICHAEL\'S

## Priest-in-Charge Fr John Ainslie ([revjohnainslie\@gmail.com](mailto:revjohnainslie@gmail.com); 01628 629827)

**A very warm welcome** to any new readers, and to visitors and
newcomers to St Michael\'s. If you are new to St Michael\'s, do join us
for refreshments in the Vestry Hall after the service, so we can welcome
you properly.

**PRAYER REQUEST SLIPS** are available at the back of church if you want
to request prayer for yourself, for someone else or for a particular
situation.

**SERVICES THIS WEEK:** Thursday Mass at 10.30am (Feast of the
Assumption), **Saturday 10.30am Mass of Our Lady of Walsingham.** Next
Sunday Sung Mass 10.30am for Assumptiontide.

**This Thursday, 15th August, marks the Feast of The Assumption of
Mary into Heaven** which is, alongside the Feast of the Annunciation on
25th March, the major Feast of Our Lady in the Christian calendar. Any
Church which professes to honour the Blessed Virgin Mary will want to
keep this Feast with particular devotion and joy.

There will be three opportunities to honour Our Lady at St. Michael's
during this festival-time: On **Thursday** we will celebrate the Feast
of The Assumption itself at our 10.30am Mass. The following **Saturday
17th August** we have a Mass of Our Lady of Walsingham at 10.30am, and
we will keep **next Sunday** 18th August as a special Assumptiontide
Mass. You will be most welcome at any or all of these special Masses.

The Mass of OLW on Saturday 17th August will be followed by the
**inaugural meeting of the newly-formed St Michael's Cell of OLW**. The
Cell is a group of people, lay and ordained, who commit to honouring Our
Lady, praying for the Shrine at Walsingham, and praying for the mission
and ministry of St Michael's and for our Parish. Anyone interested would
be welcome to come along and find out more.

**Enhancing our Church Presence.** Those who have been to our Church
recently will have been greeted by the sight and fragrance of beautiful
lilies outside the main door -- a gift from a donor, enhancing the
appearance of our church building, giving happiness to those who see
them and speaking of the love, joy and beauty of our Christian faith. A
sign of the life of our Christian community here at St Michael's. If you
have other ideas for enhancing the outside appearance of our Church do
let me know - we are fortunate to have a large and prominent corner site
on the main road with lots of potential. Volunteers to 'adopt', care for
and maybe replant sections of the borders would be particularly welcome.
The grounds themselves are looking tidier following a one-off visit by
local probationers, for which we are grateful.

**Advance Notice: On Saturday October 12th there will be a Diocesan
conference on Sustainability, climate change and Eco-Church, titled
"Growing Greener" in Canterbury 9am-12.30.**

**FOR OUR PRAYERS:** We pray for growth in faith, discipleship and
numbers of our Church family; for the development of lay leadership
within the Church; and for the St Michael's Cell of Our Lady of
Walsingham. We give thanks and pray for those who prepare and serve our
refreshments after the Sunday and Thursday services.

**We pray for those in need**, and especially Paul Jones, Glynis
Reynolds, Yvonne Young, Jessica O'Sullivan, Ellie Pointer, Rue McGeouch,
Frank Carr, Lindsay Wheeler, Peter Rowe, William Danes-Volkov, Martyn
Nash, Lisa Thompset, Fran, Keanna, Ellie Tomlinson and Claire Goodwin.

**We pray for the recently departed**, including Elsie, Bebe and Alice,
the three girls who died in the attack in Southport. We remember those
who have faithfully served God in this place in previous generations,
and we pray for those whose year's mind occurs this week: Arthur Edwards
Pilbeam, Elva Smith and Neil Suitter.

**From the Belltower:**

Friday, 9 August 2024 in 43m (6--1--24 in C)\
**1320 Vowchurch Surprise Minor**

1 Ann Jenner 2 Jacqueline Barlow 3 Douglas Davis 4 Mark Elvers 5 Pam
Thomas 6 Stanley Jenner (C)

With get well wishes to Robert Saunders and Martyn Nash.\
Celebrating the founding of the Mothers\' Union in 1876 by Mary Sumner.
