
## Priest-in-Charge Fr John Ainslie ([revjohnainslie@gmail.com](mailto:revjohnainslie@gmail.com); 01628 629827)

**A very warm welcome** to any new readers, and to visitors and
newcomers to St Michael\'s. If you are new to St Michael\'s, do join us
for refreshments in the Vestry Hall after the service so we can welcome
you properly.

**PRAYER REQUEST SLIPS** are available at the back of church if you want
to request prayer for yourself, for someone else or for a particular
situation.

**SERVICES THIS WEEK:** Thursday Mass at 10.30am followed by
refreshments

**NEXT SUNDAY:** ADVENT SUNDAY - Sung Mass at 10.30am followed by
refreshments.

**CHRISTMAS MARKET**

**SATURDAY 30TH NOVEMBER 11am - 3pm**

**SAVE THE DATE - PLAN TO COME**

**BRING A FRIEND OR NEIGHBOUR !!**

**CAN YOU PUT A POSTER IN YOUR WINDOW, OR AT WORK, OR IN YOUR LOCAL
SHOP?**

**WANTED:** Small gifts for children for Santa's Grotto; prizes for raffle
and tombola; donations for stalls: crafts & gifts; cakes; raffle and
tombola; plants and gardening; books and jigsaw puzzles. There are boxes
at the entrance to the Ascension Chapel, or contact Alison Heywood,
Catherine Garland or Eleanor.

**STOP PRESS:**

**The St Michael's Junior School Choir will be singing at out Christmas
Market -- 1 o'clock in the church.**

> I am delighted that the Junior School choir, with their Mums and Dads
> and carers, will be singing for us at our Christmas Market. Do please
> support them in what should be a wonderful musical concert, and
> another link with our Church Schools.

**FOR OUR PRAYERS:** We pray for our Christmas Market, and for all the
ways in which we reach out to and engage with our neighbours, and for
the times when the church is open to visitors and when we offer
refreshments. We pray that we would be a truly welcoming church, both at
our regular services and at the events that we hold. We pray for the
team organising the Christmas Market, and give thanks for their talents
and dedication. We pray for our Church Schools, for pupils and their
families, and give thanks for the St Michael's Junor School choir.

**We pray for those in need**, and especially Paul Jones, Glynis
Reynolds, Yvonne Young, Jessica O'Sullivan, Lindsay Wheeler, Martyn
Nash, Fran, Ellie Tomlinson, Sara Dray, Robert Hill, Michael, Alan and
Beryl Haigh, David Green, Terry Barnard.

**We pray for the recently departed**. We remember those who have
faithfully served God in this Church in previous generations, and we
pray for those whose year's mind occurs this week: Peter France,
Kathleen Stewart-Smith, Evelyn Leeson, Michael Smith, Charles Parry,
Joan Whitem Barbara Chare, Geoffrey Stevens, Vi Middleton, Katie Ayres.

**FROM THE BELLTOWER:** Sunday, 17 November 2024 **Superlative Surprise
Major** [Composed by Daniel R
Jarvis (54996)](https://bb.ringingworld.co.uk/comp.php?id=2300814) 1 Pam
Thomas 2 Lucy Harvey 3 Jacqueline M Barlow 4 Jane L Kostelnyk 5 Paul A
Barton 6 Mark Elvers 7 Philip Jarvis 8 Daniel R Jarvis (C)

Remembering David C Manger KCACR Vice President.
