
***A very warm welcome*** to any new readers, and to visitors and
newcomers to St Michael\'s. A special welcome and thanks to Fr Paul
Matthias, our celebrant this morning**.** If you are new to St
Michael\'s, do join us in the Vestry Hall after the service, so that we
can welcome you properly.

**Please note: No Mass on Thursday morning, the 21st.** But do come and
support Fr John, and the parish, at his Licensing Service at 7.00 pm.

***Holy Week and Easter:** This most important part of the Christian
year is almost upon us. Let\'s all take our full part in its worship:*

***Sunday 24th March -***

*Palm Sunday procession and Sung Mass, 10.15am.*

*Stations of the Cross, 5pm.*

***Monday 25th March** -- Said Mass and Homily, 7.30pm.*

***Wednesday 27th March** -- Said Mass and Homily, 10.30am.*

***Thursday 28th March -***

*Maundy Thursday Mass of the Last Supper, 7.30pm.*

*Watch of prayer before the Blessed Sacrament until Midnight.*

***Good Friday 29th March** -- Good Friday Liturgy, 3pm.*

***Holy Saturday evening, 30th March** - Vigil and Easter Ceremonies,
7.30pm.*

***Easter Sunday 31st March** -- Sung Mass for Easter Day, 10.30am.*

***NB Our Palm Sunday service starts in the Parish Hall at 10.15 am.***

*On Palm Sunday afternoon, **Stations of the Cross** -- a fitting,
reflective act of worship for Passiontide.*

*For the first time in many years, we shall have the opportunity to draw
near to our Lord in the Holy Eucharist every day this Holy Week, here at
St Michael\'s and, on **Tuesday, at the Chrism Mass** in Canterbury
Cathedral at 12 noon.*

We are hoping that **the Archbishop of Canterbury,** who is spending
most of Holy Week in Maidstone, will be joining us for the Vigil and
Easter Ceremonies on Holy Saturday. There will be joyous drinks and
nibbles at the end of this wonderful service. Come and greet the risen
Lord, and welcome the Archbishop to our church!

**Today\'s Mass is the last Mass of our interregnum.** We are deeply
grateful to Fr Paul for all the help and support he has given to us over
the last 20 months -- so much so that it\'s impossible to imagine how we
could have managed without him. Do sign the card -- and the one for
Bishop Norman. We thank God for the inspiration and encouragement of
their ministry to us.

**The Annual Parochial Church Meeting** takes place on April 28th
after Mass. This includes a review of the past year and also the
important elections to the Parochial Church Council. If you have joined
our congregation in the past year and would like to have voting rights,
Martyn will shortly be updating the church Electoral Roll; please have a
word with him and he will explain the procedure. The Electoral Roll is
important to the parish for other reasons too -- if you have joined us
recently and want to play a full part in the life of St Michael\'s, do
think about signing up when the time comes.

**Easter flowers!** Margaret G has been ordering lilies.... But we shall
also need plenty of greenery to decorate the church, and if you have
anything else suitable in your garden, please bring it along. It will be
warmly welcomed on Maundy Thursday morning from 10.30 am and on Holy
Saturday morning from 10 am. On both mornings there will be a chance for
everyone to give a hand -- by arranging flowers, by filling and emptying
buckets, and by tidying up!

All Saints\', Hollingbourne, is hosting a **Scam and Fraud Awareness
Presentation,** by a police officer from Maidstone Community Safety
Unit, on 27th March from 10 am -- finishing time around 11.30. All are
welcome -- do you know someone who might find this helpful?

**Could you be an Eco-Rep?** At this time when we are all being
challenged to think about Net Zero, and churches are being encouraged to
give a lead in concern for the environment, all churches in our deanery
are being asked to have a "link person" to attend occasional meetings
and pass on information to their congregations. St Michael\'s needs one
-- could it be you? If you think it could, please speak to Eleanor, who
will put you in touch with the Revd Joyce Addison, the organiser.

**A gentle Spring Woodland Walk,** Saturday 23rd March, 10-11.30 am , is
planned by Cllr Stuart Jeffery and the **Friends of Oaken Wood**. Meet
at The Redstart in North Street, Barming.
