
**Priest-in-Charge Fr John Ainslie (<revjohnainslie@gmail.com>; 01628 629827)**

***A very Happy and Blessed Easter to you all***

***from Fr John, Eleanor and our Churchwardens***

**Fr John, Eleanor, Jonathan, Paul.**

***A very warm welcome*** to any new readers, and to visitors and
newcomers to St Michael\'s. If you are new to St Michael\'s, do join us
in the Vestry Hall after the service, so that we can welcome you
properly.

**Bishop Norman writes:** "Dear All at St Michael\'s, Thank you so much
for the generous and most beautiful gift of an Icon of the Archangel
which I will treasure. And for your kind words and retirement frieze in
the hall. It has been a privilege and a joy to share in the life of
Saint Michael\'s and I\'m delighted with the appointment of Father John.
With blessings for your future flourishing, +Norman.**"**

A party from St Michael\'s was in the crowded crypt of the Cathedral for
Bishop Norman\'s last Chrism Mass -- an emotional and magnificent
occasion -- and heard warm words from the Archbishop of Canterbury,
commending Bishop Norman as an example of what a bishop should be, and
affirming the place of the Richborough family, and other Resolution
parishes, as an essential element in the Church of England. "This will
be a large mitre to fill," he said. It will indeed -- and Bishop Norman
takes with him our prayers for a happy and fulfilling retirement.

**Warmest thanks to everyone** who has made our worship and parish life
so special during this Holy Week and Easter -- servers, readers,
musicians, cleaners-and-polishers, washers-and-ironers, caterers,
litterpickers, sound engineer, ringers, sidespersons, sacristan,
flower-arrangers .... the list goes on, and has to include Archbishop
Justin, whom we were most privileged to have with us for the Easter
Vigil, and Fr John, for the unfailing calm and cheerfulness with which,
having been in office for only a few days, he has presided over Holy
Week and Easter in a new parish.

**Easter doesn\'t stop here!** The Easter season continues until the
Ascension, giving us time to reflect more deeply on the wonder of the
Resurrection and what it means to us now. Why not make **next Sunday,
7th April**, a special part of the process? **At 5pm that day there
will be a Service of Music and Readings for Eastertide** (format along
the lines of a carol service), with a gathered choir led and accompanied
by Gareth James. There will be opportunities for congregational singing
too -- Hallelujah! Do come, and invite some friends!

**The Parish Electoral Roll** is now being updated. If you have become a
regular St Michael\'s worshipper (or even if you are not-so-regular but
live in the parish) you are eligible to be on the Roll. This gives you
voting rights at the Annual Meeting, and entitles you to stand for
office if you so wish. Please see Martyn and collect a form from the
back of church. **Closing date: April 7th.**

**Copies of the FREE 3-monthly publication*Together*** are in the
narthex awaiting readers. Do take one, and find out what\'s happening in
some parishes like our own elsewhere in the country.

**Readers\' List for April:** Many thanks, as always, to all our
readers. If unable to read on the day listed, please try to arrange a
swap with another reader.

Sunday 7th April: Acts and psalm Alison Heywood, NT William Danes-Volkov  
Sunday 14th April: Acts and psalm Mike Trout, NT Margaret Gatehouse  
Sunday 21st April: Acts and psalm Team Kwalombota, NT Catherine Garland  
Sunday 28th April Acts and psalm Ralph Baldock, NT Eleanor Relle.  

**From our Tower:** [Kent County
Association](https://bb.ringingworld.co.uk/performances-report.php?association_id=19&year=2024)
[**Maidstone**, Kent](https://dove.cccbr.org.uk/tower/12644#_blank), St
Michael and All Angels

Friday, 22 March 2024 in 41m (6--1--24 in C): **1296 Spliced Surprise Minor** (2m)

720 London; 576 Cambridge; 18 com; atw.

1. Janice Byrne
2. Jacqueline Barlow
3. Philip Jarvis
4. Mark Elvers
5. Stephen Coaker
6. Neil Jones (C)

An 89th birthday compliment to May Newlands. Also to welcome Father John
and Rosa to St Michael\'s.

(There is much more to report from theTower -- please watch this space
next week!)

**We pray for sick people everywhere, including:** Paul, Margaret,
Ellie, Pauline, Rue, Fr Leon, Antony, Fran, Ellie, Tom, Joseph, Peter,
Joan, Margaret, Lindsay, Glynis, Ethan, Sarah, Yvonne, HM The King and
Catherine, Princess of Wales.

**And among the departed:** Clementina Brown, Joy Littlewood, Peter Milton, Janet Hilda Carden.

***Could you pass this sheet on to someone else who might like to see it?***
