**THIRD SUNDAY AFTER TRINITY Hymns: 205, 466, 298, 465**

**FIRST READING** Ezekiel 17.22-24 *A reading from the prophecy of
Ezekiel:* Thus says the Lord God: I myself will take a sprig from the
lofty top of a cedar; I will set it out. I will break off a tender one
from the topmost of its young twigs; I myself will plant it on a high
and lofty mountain. On the mountain height of Israel I will plant it, in
order that it may produce boughs and bear fruit, and become a noble
cedar. Under it every kind of bird will live; in the shade of its
branches will nest winged creatures of every kind. All the trees of the
field shall know that I am the Lord. I bring low the high tree, I make
high the low tree; I dry up the green tree and make the dry tree
flourish. I the Lord have spoken; I will accomplish it.

**RESPONSORIAL PSALM 92** ***Response: It is good to give you thanks, O
Lord.***


1\. It is good to give thanks to you, O Lord; to make music to  
your name, O Most High,  
to proclaim your love in the morning: and your truth in the watches of  
the night. *R*

2\. The just will flourish like the palm tree: and grow like a Lebanon  
cedar. *R*

3\. Planted in the house of the Lord they will flourish in the courts of  
our God;  
still bearing fruit when they are old, still full of sap, still green  
to proclaim that the Lord is just: In him, my rock, there is no wrong. *R*

**SECOND READING** 2 Corinthians 5.6-10,14-17 *A reading from the second
letter of Paul to the Corinthians:* So we are always confident; even
though we know that while we are at home in the body we are away from
the Lord--- for we walk by faith, not by sight. Yes, we do have
confidence, and we would rather be away from the body and at home with
the Lord. So whether we are at home or away, we make it our aim to
please him. For all of us must appear before the judgement seat of
Christ, so that each may receive recompense for what has been done in
the body, whether good or evil. For the love of Christ urges us on,
because we are convinced that one has died for all; therefore all have
died. And he died for all, so that those who live might live no longer
for themselves, but for him who died and was raised for them. From now
on, therefore, we regard no one from a human point of view; even though
we once knew Christ from a human point of view, we know him no longer in
that way. So if anyone is in Christ, there is a new creation: everything
old has passed away; see, everything has become new!

**GOSPEL Mark 4.26-34** He also said, 'The kingdom of God is as if
someone would scatter seed on the ground, and would sleep and rise night
and day, and the seed would sprout and grow, he does not know how. The
earth produces of itself, first the stalk, then the head, then the full
grain in the head. But when the grain is ripe, at once he goes in with
his sickle, because the harvest has come.' He also said, 'With what can
we compare the kingdom of God, or what parable will we use for it? It is
like a mustard seed, which, when sown upon the ground, is the smallest
of all the seeds on earth; yet when it is sown it grows up and becomes
the greatest of all shrubs, and puts forth large branches, so that the
birds of the air can make nests in its shade.' With many such parables
he spoke the word to them, as they were able to hear it; he did not
speak to them except in parables, but he explained everything in private
to his disciples.

***Could you pass this sheet on to someone else who might like to see
it?***

***NEWS FROM ST MICHAEL\'S***

**Priest-in-Charge Fr John Ainslie (**<revjohnainslie@gmail.com>**;
01628 629827)**

*A very warm welcome* to any new readers, and to visitors and newcomers
to St Michael\'s. If you are new to St Michael\'s, do join us for
refreshments in the Vestry Hall after the service, so that we can
welcome you properly.

**Our Services:** Thursday 20th June, Mass at 10.30. Next Sunday, 23rd
June: Mass at 10.30.

**Warmest thanks** to everyone who contributed to our Summer Fun Day --
by organising (Sara, you have been amazing!), making, donating, cooking,
catering, selling, serving, publicising, decorating, demonstrating,
counting-up, tidying, or simply being there and having some fun! We have
had to go to press before the final figures were available, but nearly
£800 was raised, and the enthusiastic teamwork of the St Michael\'s
family created an occasion that was an achievement in itself.

**From Our Tower:**

**[Kent County
Association](https://bb.ringingworld.co.uk/performances-report.php?association_id=19&year=2024):**
[**Maidstone**, Kent](https://dove.cccbr.org.uk/tower/12644#_blank) -St
Michael and All Angels

Sunday, 26 May 2024 in 39m (6-1-24 in C)

**1260** **Spliced Minor** (2m)

720 Cambridge Surprise, 540 Plain Bob; 29 com; atw.

1. Philip Jarvis
2. Jacqueline Barlow
3. Emma Jarvis
4. Mark Elvers
5. Terry Barnard
6. Neil Jones (C)

Rung on the Feast ofThe Most Holy Trinity with birthday compliments to
Jacqui Barlow (24/5). Also for the Saint\'s Day of Augustine, first
Archbishop of Canterbury, 605.

250th Q as C in this tower.

Friday, 31 May 2024 in 40m (6-1-24 in C)

**1320** **Treble Dodging Minor** (2m)

720 Cambridge Surprise; 600 Kent Treble Bob.

1. Douglas Davis
2. Steve Newlands
3. Jacqueline Barlow
4. Mark Elvers
5. Terry Barnard
6. Stephen Coaker (C)

Rung on the Feast of the Visitation of the Virgin Mary to Elizabeth

Sunday, 9 June 2024 in 41m (6-1-24 in C)

**1287** **Grandsire Triples**

1. Christopher M Trafford
2. Stuart Cox
3. Jacqueline Barlow
4. Philip Jarvis
5. Emma Jarvis
6. Mark Elvers
7. Neil Jones (C)
8. Pam Thomas

Congratulations to Ivo and Rona on the birth of Katia Ffion Wengraf,
born on 29th May, a sister to Oscar.

400th together: 3 & 7.

**All Saints\' Church, Maidstone,** is planning a festival entitled
"Celebrating Life", which will run from Friday 21st to Sunday 30th
June. This will celebrate past, present and future with a range of
diverse events involving word, music, entertainment, flowers, prayer and
discussion.  Everyone in the community is invited.

**Three Ideas Workshops,** offering a chance to think about how parishes
could do things differently, are taking place next month:

Thursday 11 July, Maidstone - Developing Ministry & Generous Giving  
Tuesday 16 July, Ashford - School Engagement & Youth  
Wednesday 24 July, Canterbury - New Christian Communities & Eco Church  

Everyone is welcome; further details will be available soon.

**We pray for sick people everywhere,** including Paul, Margaret, Ellie,
Pauline, Rue, Fr Leon, Antony, Fran, Ellie, Tom, Joseph, Peter, Joan,
Margaret, Lindsay, Glynis, Ethan, Sarah, Yvonne, Jessica, Leon, HM The
King, and Catherine, Princess of Wales. **Among the departed,** we
remember Rod. Bristow and Catherine Joan Fenton.
