
## Priest-in-Charge Fr John Ainslie ([revjohnainslie@gmail.com](mailto:revjohnainslie@gmail.com); 01628 629827)

**A very warm welcome** to any new readers, and to visitors and
newcomers to St Michael\'s. If you are new to St Michael\'s, do join us
for refreshments in the Vestry Hall after the service, so we can welcome
you properly.

**PRAYER REQUEST SLIPS** are available at the back of church if you want
to request prayer for yourself, for someone else or for a particular
situation.

**SERVICES THIS WEEK:** Thursday Mass at 10.30, next Sunday Sung Mass
10.30am, followed by refreshments.

**SAINT'S DAYS THIS WEEK:** Next Saturday is the Feast Day of **St
Matthew, Apostle and Evangelist.** Other saints remembered this week are
**E.B. Pusey**, Priest and one of the founders of the Oxford Movement
(Monday); **St Ninian**, 5th Century Bishop of Galloway in Scotland
(also on Monday); 12th Century Abbess of Bingen (and writer of
liturgical music) **St Hildegard** (Tuesday); 7th Century Archbishop
of Canterbury, **Theodore of Tarsus** (Thursday); and the **Melanesian
Martyrs** killed in 1871 (Friday).

**THANK YOU** to all those who joined in the Gardening Working Party
last Saturday, and those who have continued the work this week. The
results are very apparent and have enhanced the appearance of our Church
building. **AND THANK YOU** to all those who contributed to our Heritage
Open Day -- those who prepared the church, provided flowers in church,
served refreshments, welcomed visitors, provided glorious live organ
music, rang a peel on our bells, and provided the extremely interesting
material on the history and architecture of our wonderful Church
building, and explained its place within the Oxford Movement.

**INVITATION TO HARBLEDOWN CHURCH TUESDAY 24th SEPTEMBER.** 24th
September if the Feast Day of Our Lady of Walsingham, and we are invited
to join St Michael's Harbledown for a Festal Mass at 7pm, followed by
refreshments. So far we have 7 confirmed as going from our congregation,
if others would like to join please let me know so I can advise
Harbledown on numbers, and we can think about sharing transport. It will
be a wonderful and enjoyable evening.

**DEANERY ROADSHOW, ST LUKE'S 1st October 7pm.** This is an
opportunity to hear our Area Dean, Archdeacon and Diocesan Secretary and
to quiz them as they talk about the future of the Church in our Deanery
and Diocese. PCC members are especially encouraged to attend.

**FOR OUR PRAYERS:** We pray for peace with justice in Gaza and the Holy
Land and in Ukraine, and for those who bring relief to the suffering in
war zones. We give thanks for all those who in recent weeks have visited
our church, attended services for the first time, or who came to our
Heritage Open Day; we pray for them, that they will have glimpsed
something of God's love and glory and found this to be a place of peace
and healing.

**We pray for those in need**, and especially Paul Jones, Glynis
Reynolds, Yvonne Young, Jessica O'Sullivan, Frank Carr, Lindsay Wheeler,
Peter Rowe, William Danes-Volkov, Martyn Nash, Lisa Thompset, Fran,
Keanna, Ellie Tomlinson, Claire Goodwin, Sara Dray and Robert Hill.

**We pray for the recently departed**. We remember those who have
faithfully served God in this Church in previous generations, and we
pray for those whose year's mind occurs this week: Marguerite Hart, Opal
Fallows, Christine Ainslie. May they rest in peace and rise in glory.

**FROM THE BELLTOWER:** Sunday, 8 September in 39m (6--1--24 in C)\
**1272 Carlisle Surprise Minor**

1 Kath White 2 Jacqueline Barlow 3 Janice Byrne 4 Jane Kostelnyk 5 Mark
Elvers 6 Stephen Coaker (C)

Rung on the Accession Day of Charles III.\
Also marking the Birthday of the Blessed Virgin Mary.
