Hymns NEH 433, 351, 305, 467

We are grateful to Gareth James for playing for us at our Mass this
morning.

# FIRST READING (2 Kings 4: 42-end)

A man came from Baal-shalishah, bringing food from the first fruits to
the man of God: twenty loaves of barley and fresh ears of grain in his
sack. Elisha said, 'Give it to the people and let them eat.' But his
servant said, 'How can I set this before a hundred people?' So he
repeated, 'Give it to the people and let them eat, for thus says
the Lord, "They shall eat and have some left." ' He set it before them,
they ate, and had some left, according to the word of the Lord.

# RESPONSORIAL PSALM (From Ps 145)

Response: You satisfy all our desires.

1\. All your works give you thanks, O Lord,\
and all your faithful ones shall bless you.\
They shall speak of the glory of your kingdom,\
and tell of your might, O God. R.

2\. The eyes of all creatures look to you\
and you give them their food in due time.\
You open wide your hand,\
and satisfy all our desires.  R.

3\. The Lord is just in all his ways\
And loving in all his deeds.\
The Lord is near to all who call on him,\
who call on him from their hearts. R.

# SECOND READING (Ephesians 3: 14-end)

For this reason I bow my knees before the Father, from whom every
family in heaven and on earth takes its name. I pray that, according to
the riches of his glory, he may grant that you may be strengthened in
your inner being with power through his Spirit, and that Christ may
dwell in your hearts through faith, as you are being rooted and grounded
in love. I pray that you may have the power to comprehend, with all the
saints, what is the breadth and length and height and depth, and to know
the love of Christ that surpasses knowledge, so that you may be filled
with all the fullness of God.

Now to him who by the power at work within us is able to accomplish
abundantly far more than all we can ask or imagine, to him be glory in
the church and in Christ Jesus to all generations, for ever and ever.
Amen.

# HOLY GOSPEL (John 6: 1-21)

After this Jesus went to the other side of the Sea of Galilee, also
called the Sea of Tiberias.  A large crowd kept following him, because
they saw the signs that he was doing for the sick. Jesus went up the
mountain and sat down there with his disciples. Now the Passover, the
festival of the Jews, was near. When he looked up and saw a large crowd
coming towards him, Jesus said to Philip, 'Where are we to buy bread for
these people to eat?' He said this to test him, for he himself knew what
he was going to do. Philip answered him, 'Six months' wages would not
buy enough bread for each of them to get a little.' One of his
disciples, Andrew, Simon Peter's brother, said to him, 'There is a boy
here who has five barley loaves and two fish. But what are they among so
many people?' Jesus said, 'Make the people sit down.' Now there was a
great deal of grass in the place; so they sat down, about five thousand
in all. Then Jesus took the loaves, and when he had given thanks, he
distributed them to those who were seated; so also the fish, as much as
they wanted. When they were satisfied, he told his disciples, 'Gather up
the fragments left over, so that nothing may be lost.' So they gathered
them up, and from the fragments of the five barley loaves, left by those
who had eaten, they filled twelve baskets. When the people saw the sign
that he had done, they began to say, 'This is indeed the prophet who is
to come into the world.'

When Jesus realized that they were about to come and take him by force
to make him king, he withdrew again to the mountain by himself.

When evening came, his disciples went down to the lake, got into a boat,
and started across the lake to Capernaum. It was now dark, and Jesus had
not yet come to them. The lake became rough because a strong wind was
blowing. When they had rowed about three or four miles, they saw Jesus
walking on the lake and coming near the boat, and they were
terrified. But he said to them, 'It is I; do not be afraid.' Then they
wanted to take him into the boat, and immediately the boat reached the
land towards which they were going.

# NEWS FROM ST MICHAEL'S

Priest-in-Charge Fr John Ainslie
([revjohnainslie@gmail.com](mailto:revjohnainslie@gmail.com);
01628 629827)

A very warm welcome to any new readers, and to visitors and
newcomers to St Michael's. If you are new to St Michael's, do join us
for refreshments in the Vestry Hall after the service, so we can welcome
you properly.

**PRAYER REQUEST SLIPS** are available at the back of church if you want
to request prayer for yourself, for someone else or for a particular
situation.

**SERVICES THIS WEEK:** Mass on Thursday at 10.30am. Next Sunday Sung
Mass at 10.30am.

**SAINTS FOR THIS WEEK:** On Monday the Church celebrates Mary, Martha
and Lazarus of Bethany. This family of two sisters and a brother were
very supportive friends of Jesus. Bethany lies just outside Jerusalem
and Jesus stayed with this family during Holy Week, going into Jerusalem
by day. Jesus' raising of Lazarus is the occasion for his words to
Martha: "I am the resurrection and the life. Those who believe in me,
even though they die, will live."

On Tuesday we remember **William Wilberforce**. Born in 1759, he was a
strong Evangelical determined to work for Christ through serving in
Parliament. He is best remembered for his crusade against slavery. The
trade in slaves was made illegal in the British Empire in 1807, and
Wilberforce lived to see the complete abolition of slavery in 1807.

Wednesday is the Feast Day of **St Ignatius of Loyola**, 16th century
founder of the Jesuits. His teaching on spirituality and methods of
prayerful reflection have spread widely and been found helpful by many
Christians in our own day.

**THIS SUNDAY** we travel over towards Canterbury to join our friends at
St Michael's Harbledown for the BBQ at 3pm followed by Evensong and
Benediction at 6pm. We have a good number going but more would be
welcome.

**MASS OF OUR LADY OF WALSINGHAM** -- Please note the date. There will
be a Mass of OLW in Church on Saturday 17th August at 10.30am.
This will be the first of our Monthly Masses of OLW, and after this Mass
we will formally set up our Cell of OLW at St Michael's. All will be
welcome at the Mass, whether you intend to be a member of the Cell or
not.

The Cell is a group of lay and ordained people at St Michael's who will
meet regularly to offer Mass in honour of Mary, to pray for the work of
the Shrine at Walsingham, and to pray especially for the development of
our mission and ministry at St Michael's, asking Mary's prayers for all
that we do and offering prayer for those on our sick list. I regard
this as a very important initiative, which was proposed by Fr Paul,
and which reminds us that our Mission and Ministry needs to be
underpinned by prayer if it is to flourish under God's guidance.
Interested? Just ask!

**FOR OUR PRAYERS:** This week we pray for the success of the Olympic
Games, that they will remain true to the best ideals of the Olympics and
give joy to those who participate and watch. We pray for those who work
to combat modern slavery and those who provide safe houses for people in
need of a place of safety. In our Church life, we give thanks for our
Bellringers, for the joy they bring to those who hear the bells, and for
their witness to an ongoing Christian faith in this Parish. We pray for
the establishment of a Cell of Our Lady of Walsingham at St Michael's.

We pray for all those in need, and especially Paul Jones, Glynis
Reynolds, Yvonne Young, Jessica O'Sullivan, Ellie Pointer, Rue McGeouch,
Frank Carr, Lindsay Wheeler, Peter Rowe, William Danes-Volkov, Martyn
Nash, Lisa Thompset, Fran, Keanna and Ellie Tomlinson.

We pray for the recently departed, for all those who faithfully
served God in this place in previous generations, and for those who's
year's mind occurs this week: Alan Cox, Dick van Seenus, James Adam
Orwin and Kenneth Jordan.

**FROM THE BELLTOWER:** Sunday, 21 July 2024 1312\
Double Norwich Court Bob Major, composed by Neil Jones.\
1 Mark Elvers 2 Nigel Pointer 3 Jacqueline Barlow 4 Jane L Kostelnyk 5
Paul Barton 6 Philip Jarvis 7 Pam Thomas 8 Neil Jones (C).

Rung in memory of Robert C (Chris) Kippin (18/7/24), R.I.P.

Friday, 26 July 2024 in 39m\
1296 Uckinghall Surprise Minor\
1 Janice Byrne 2 Jacqueline Barlow 3 Stephen Coaker 4 Mark Elvers 5 Pam
Thomas 6 Neil Jones (C)

Rung on the Saints' Day of Anne and Joachim, parents of the Blessed
Virgin Mary.
