**TRINITY SUNDAY** **Hymns NEH 146, 343, 286, 373**

**FIRST READING** *A reading from the prophecy of Isaiah:* In the year
that King Uzziah died, I saw the Lord sitting on a throne, high and
lofty; and the hem of his robe filled the temple. Seraphs were in
attendance above him; each had six wings: with two they covered their
faces, and with two they covered their feet, and with two they flew. And
one called to another and said: 'Holy, holy, holy is the Lord of hosts;
the whole earth is full of his glory.' The pivots on the thresholds
shook at the voices of those who called, and the house filled with
smoke. And I said: 'Woe is me! I am lost, for I am a man of unclean
lips, and I live among a people of unclean lips; yet my eyes have seen
the King, the Lord of hosts!' Then one of the seraphs flew to me,
holding a live coal that had been taken from the altar with a pair of
tongs. The seraph touched my mouth with it and said: 'Now that this has
touched your lips, your guilt has departed and your sin is blotted out.'
Then I heard the voice of the Lord saying, 'Whom shall I send, and who
will go for us?' And I said, 'Here am I; send me!'

**RESPONSORIAL PSALM 29**

**Response:** *The Lord will bless his people with peace.*

Ascribe to the LORD, you heavenly powers, ascribe to the LORD glory and  
strength;  
Ascribe to the LORD the glory of His Name; bow down before the LORD,  
majestic in holiness. **R**

The voice of the LORD upon the waters, the LORD on the immensity of  
waters;  
the voice of the LORD full of power; the voice of the LORD full of  
splendour. **R**

The God of glory thunders; in his temple they all cry, "Glory!"  
The LORD sat enthroned above the flood; the LORD sits as king forever. **R**

**SECOND READING** Romans 8.12-17 *A reading from the Letter of Paul to
the Romans*: So then, brothers and sisters, we are debtors, not to the
flesh, to live according to the flesh--- for if you live according to
the flesh, you will die; but if by the Spirit you put to death the deeds
of the body, you will live. For all who are led by the Spirit of God are
children of God. For you did not receive a spirit of slavery to fall
back into fear, but you have received a spirit of adoption. When we cry,
'Abba! Father!' it is that very Spirit bearing witness with our spirit
that we are children of God, and if children, then heirs, heirs of God
and joint heirs with Christ---if, in fact, we suffer with him so that we
may also be glorified with him.

**GOSPEL John 3.1-17** Now there was a Pharisee named Nicodemus, a
leader of the Jews. He came to Jesus by night and said to him, 'Rabbi,
we know that you are a teacher who has come from God; for no one can do
these signs that you do apart from the presence of God.' Jesus answered
him, 'Very truly, I tell you, no one can see the kingdom of God without
being born from above.' Nicodemus said to him, 'How can anyone be born
after having grown old? Can one enter a second time into the mother's
womb and be born?' Jesus answered, 'Very truly, I tell you, no one can
enter the kingdom of God without being born of water and Spirit. What is
born of the flesh is flesh, and what is born of the Spirit is spirit. Do
not be astonished that I said to you, "You must be born from above." The
wind blows where it chooses, and you hear the sound of it, but you do
not know where it comes from or where it goes. So it is with everyone
who is born of the Spirit.' Nicodemus said to him, 'How can these things
be?' Jesus answered him, 'Are you a teacher of Israel, and yet you do
not understand these things? 'Very truly, I tell you, we speak of what
we know and testify to what we have seen; yet you do not receive our
testimony. If I have told you about earthly things and you do not
believe, how can you believe if I tell you about heavenly things? No one
has ascended into heaven except the one who descended from heaven, the
Son of Man. And just as Moses lifted up the serpent in the wilderness,
so must the Son of Man be lifted up, that whoever believes in him may
have eternal life. 'For God so loved the world that he gave his only
Son, so that everyone who believes in him may not perish but may have
eternal life. 'Indeed, God did not send the Son into the world to
condemn the world, but in order that the world might be saved through
him.\'

***Could you pass this sheet on to someone else who might like to see
it?***

***NEWS FROM ST MICHAEL\'S***

**Priest-in-Charge Fr John Ainslie (**<revjohnainslie@gmail.com>**;
01628 629827)**

*A very warm welcome* to any new readers, and to visitors and newcomers
to St Michael\'s. If you are new to St Michael\'s, do join us for
refreshments in the Vestry Hall after the service, so that we can
welcome you properly.

"Last of all, we humbly sing glory to our God and King,

Glory to the One in Three, on the Feast of Trinity."

**Our Services in the coming week:** Thursday -- Mass at 10.30 am;
Sunday -- Mass at 10.30 am.

Next Sunday we shall be celebrating **Corpus Christi** -- a special day
of thanksgiving for the Holy Eucharist. "Thanks be to God for His gift
beyond words."

**Peggy Thresh\'s Memorial Service** will take place in church on
Thursday, June 27th, at 11.30 am, and will be preceded by a
quarter-peal from our Tower. Please pass on the information to others
who knew her.

**Summer Fun Day: June 15th!** We can start looking forward to this
already -- and publicising it. We\'ll have competitions and attractions
for everyone from 10 am to 2 pm, including a tombola, a plant stall,
crafts and gifts, cakes and refreshments. It will be the official
birthday of HM The King -- so children dressed as kings and princesses
will be most welcome and may win a prize! Could you contribute plants,
craft items, tombola items (preferably with a garden/picnic/outdoor
theme) - or cakes etc. on the day? Please note Alison Heywood\'s poster
in church about offerings for the plant stall. Entries will also be
invited for the Best Crown and the Best Scarecrow! If you would like to
offer further ideas, or help, Sara (07837 919761) will be delighted to
hear from you.

**Thank you** to Martyn, William and others from St Michael\'s who
welcomed the sixth-form volunteers from Oakwood Park Grammar School to
our church on the 21st May. Thank you, too, to Mary and Mike, who
ensured that no one was hungry or thirsty! And many thanks to the
Oakwood Park students, and their Director Miss Kirsty Ryan, for
arranging this generous and worthwhile volunteering scheme.

**Friends of Kent Churches** -- the charity supported by the Ride and
Stride event held every September -- is 75 years old this year. **Ride
and Stride 2024 will take place on September 14th**, and a **special
evensong** at All Saints\', Maidstone, is planned for 3.30 pm on
September 21st. It isn\'t too early to Indicate that you would like to
attend that service; email <frofkch@outlook.com>. And please note that
**Heritage Open Day** will coincide, as usual, with Ride and Stride on
September 14th, and we shall open the church, as usual, to welcome
visitors who come to enjoy our Angel Windows. This year\'s theme for the
day is **"Routes, Networks, Connections"** - ideas welcome!

**Readers\' list for June:** *Many thanks to all our readers! If unable
to read on the day listed, please feel free to swap with another
reader.*

**June 2** OT + Ps Mike Trout, NT Alison Heywood  
**June 9** OT + Ps Ralph Baldock, NT Margaret Gatehouse  
**June 16** OT + Ps Eleanor Relle, NT William Danes-Volkov  
**June 23** OT + Ps Team Kwalombota, NT Catherine Garland  
**June 30** OT+ Ps Alison Heywood, NT Mike Trout

*NB It\'s always good to hear from anyone who would like to join those
who read at Mass -- please have a word with Eleanor if you think you
might.*

**We can help Ukraine, in however small a way:** Simon at 27, Maryland
Drive, Barming collects **items for Ukraine,** which are sent off in
regular consignments. Medical and veterinary supplies (even if recently
out of date, even if partly used), old towels etc. (but not duvets) and
animal food (even if a bit out of date or partly used) are particularly
appreciated.

**From our Tower:**
[Kent County Association](https://bb.ringingworld.co.uk/performances-report.php?association_id=19&year=2024):
[Maidstone](https://dove.cccbr.org.uk/tower/12644#_blank),
[Kent](https://dove.cccbr.org.uk/tower/12644#_blank)
St Michael and All Angels

Friday, 17 May 2024 in 38m (6--1--24 in C)

**1320 Spliced Surprise Minor** (2m)

2m: 720 Cambridge, 600 London; 22 com; singles only; atw.

1. Terry Barnard
2. Jacqueline Barlow
3. Janice Byrne
4. Mark Elvers
5. Philip Jarvis
6. Stephen Coaker (C)

Birthday Compliments to Kath White 9/5; Nick Wilkins and Rob Saunders
14/5; Neil Jones and Laura Byrne 15/5 and Tony Braben 17/5.

**We pray for sick people everywhere, including:** Paul, Margaret,
Ellie, Pauline, Rue, Fr Leon, Antony, Fran, Ellie, Tom, Joseph, Peter,
Joan, Margaret, Lindsay, Glynis, Ethan, Sarah, Yvonne, Jessica, Leon, HM
The King, and Catherine, Princess of Wales

**\...and for the Departed, remembering:** Ron Barton and Helen Margaret
Cardew.
