Hymns NEH 12, 465, 499, 3

**St Michael and All Angels -- a Parish under the Patronage of Our Lady
of Walsingham**

# COLLECT

O Lord Jesus Christ, who at your first coming sent your messenger to
prepare your way before you:

grant that the ministers and stewards of your mysteries may likewise so
prepare and make ready your way

by turning the hearts of the disobedient to the wisdom of the just,

that at your second coming to judge the world we may be found an
acceptable people in your sight;

for you are alive and reign with the Father in the unity of the Holy
Spirit, one God, now and for ever. Amen.

# FIRST READING (Zephaniah 3: 14-end)

## A reading from the prophet Zephaniah.

Sing aloud, O daughter Zion; shout, O Israel!  Rejoice and exult with
all your heart, O daughter Jerusalem!  The Lord has taken away the
judgements against you,    he has turned away your enemies.  The king
of Israel, the Lord, is in your midst; you shall fear disaster no more.
On that day it shall be said to Jerusalem: Do not fear, O Zion; do
not let your hands grow weak.  The Lord, your God, is in your midst,
a warrior who gives victory; he will rejoice over you with gladness,
he will renew you in his love; he will exult over you with loud singing
as on a day of festival.  I will remove disaster from you, so that you
will not bear reproach for it.  I will deal with all your oppressors
at that time.  And I will save the lame and gather the outcast, and
I will change their shame into praise and renown in all the earth.
At that time I will bring you home, at the time when I gather you; for
I will make you renowned and praised among all the peoples of the earth,
when I restore your fortunes before your eyes, says the Lord.

# CANTICLE (From Isaiah ch 12)

## Response: Great in your midst is the Holy One of Israel

1\. Surely God is my salvation\
I will trust and not be afraid.\
For the Lord God is my strength and my might\
he has become my salvation. ***R.***

2\. With joy you will draw water\
from the wells of salvation.\
Make known his deeds among the nations\
proclaim that his name is exalted.  ***R.***

3\. Sing praise to the Lord\
for he has done gloriously.\
Sing aloud and shout for joy;\
Great in your midst is the Holy One of Israel. ***R.***

# SECOND READING (Philippians 4: 4-7)

## A reading from the letter to the Philippians.

Rejoice in the Lord always; again I will say, Rejoice. Let your
gentleness be known to everyone. The Lord is near. Do not worry about
anything, but in everything by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving
let your requests be made known to God. And the peace of God, which
surpasses all understanding, will guard your hearts and your minds in
Christ Jesus.

# HOLY GOSPEL (Luke 3: 7-18)

John said to the crowds that came out to be baptized by him, 'You brood
of vipers! Who warned you to flee from the wrath to come? Bear fruits
worthy of repentance. Do not begin to say to yourselves, "We have
Abraham as our ancestor"; for I tell you, God is able from these stones
to raise up children to Abraham. Even now the axe is lying at the root
of the trees; every tree therefore that does not bear good fruit is cut
down and thrown into the fire.'

And the crowds asked him, 'What then should we do?' In reply he said to
them, 'Whoever has two coats must share with anyone who has none; and
whoever has food must do likewise.' Even tax-collectors came to be
baptized, and they asked him, 'Teacher, what should we do?' He said to
them, 'Collect no more than the amount prescribed for you.' Soldiers
also asked him, 'And we, what should we do?' He said to them, 'Do not
extort money from anyone by threats or false accusation, and be
satisfied with your wages.'

As the people were filled with expectation, and all were questioning in
their hearts concerning John, whether he might be the Messiah, John
answered all of them by saying, 'I baptize you with water; but one who
is more powerful than I is coming; I am not worthy to untie the thong of
his sandals. He will baptize you with the Holy Spirit and fire. His
winnowing-fork is in his hand, to clear his threshing-floor and to
gather the wheat into his granary; but the chaff he will burn with
unquenchable fire.'

So, with many other exhortations, he proclaimed the good news to the
people.

