Hymns NEH 238, 373, 276, 352

**St Michael and All Angels -- a Parish under the Patronage of Our Lady
of Walsingham**

# FIRST READING (Isaiah 53: 4-end)

## A reading from the Prophet Isaiah.

Surely he has borne our infirmities and carried our diseases; yet we
accounted him stricken, struck down by God, and afflicted. But he was
wounded for our transgressions, crushed for our iniquities; upon him was
the punishment that made us whole, and by his bruises we are healed. All
we like sheep have gone astray; we have all turned to our own way, and
the Lord has laid on him the iniquity of us all.

He was oppressed, and he was afflicted, yet he did not open his mouth;
like a lamb that is led to the slaughter, and like a sheep that before
its shearers is silent, so he did not open his mouth. By a perversion of
justice he was taken away. Who could have imagined his future? For he
was cut off from the land of the living, stricken for the transgression
of my people. They made his grave with the wicked and his tomb with the
rich, although he had done no violence, and there was no deceit in
his mouth.

Yet it was the will of the Lord to crush him with pain. When you make
his life an offering for sin, he shall see his offspring and shall
prolong his days; through him the will of the Lord shall prosper. Out of
his anguish he shall see light; he shall find satisfaction through his
knowledge. The righteous one, my servant, shall make many righteous, and
he shall bear their iniquities. Therefore I will allot him a portion
with the great, and he shall divide the spoil with the strong; because
he poured out himself to death, and was numbered with the transgressors;
yet he bore the sin of many, and made intercession for the
transgressors.

# RESPONSORIAL PSALM (From Ps 91)

## Response: Those who love me, I will deliver.

1\. Because you have made the Lord your refuge,\
the Most High your dwelling place\
no evil shall befall you\
no scourge come near your tent. ***R.***

2\. Those who love me, I will deliver;\
I will protect those who know my name.\
When they call to me, I will answer them;\
I will be with them in all their troubles. ***R.***

3\. I will rescue them and honour them,\
with long life I will satisfy them\
and show them my salvation.1 ***R.***

# SECOND READING (Hebrews 5: 1-10)

## A reading from the letter to the Hebrews.

Every high priest chosen from among mortals is put in charge of things
pertaining to God on their behalf, to offer gifts and sacrifices for
sins. He is able to deal gently with the ignorant and wayward, since he
himself is subject to weakness; and because of this he must offer
sacrifice for his own sins as well as for those of the people. And one
does not presume to take this honour, but takes it only when called by
God, just as Aaron was.

So also Christ did not glorify himself in becoming a high priest, but
was appointed by the one who said to him,\
'You are my Son, today I have begotten you';\
as he says also in another place, 'You are a priest for ever, according
to the order of Melchizedek.'

In the days of his flesh, Jesus offered up prayers and supplications,
with loud cries and tears, to the one who was able to save him from
death, and he was heard because of his reverent submission. Although he
was a Son, he learned obedience through what he suffered; and having
been made perfect, he became the source of eternal salvation for all who
obey him, having been designated by God a high priest according to the
order of Melchizedek.

# HOLY GOSPEL (Mark 10: 35-45)

James and John, the sons of Zebedee, came forward to him and said to
him, 'Teacher, we want you to do for us whatever we ask of you.' And he
said to them, 'What is it you want me to do for you?' And they said to
him, 'Grant us to sit, one at your right hand and one at your left, in
your glory.' But Jesus said to them, 'You do not know what you are
asking. Are you able to drink the cup that I drink, or be baptized with
the baptism that I am baptized with?' They replied, 'We are able.' Then
Jesus said to them, 'The cup that I drink you will drink; and with the
baptism with which I am baptized, you will be baptized; but to sit at my
right hand or at my left is not mine to grant, but it is for those for
whom it has been prepared.'

When the ten heard this, they began to be angry with James and John. So
Jesus called them and said to them, 'You know that among the Gentiles
those whom they recognize as their rulers lord it over them, and their
great ones are tyrants over them. But it is not so among you; but
whoever wishes to become great among you must be your servant, and
whoever wishes to be first among you must be slave of all. For the Son
of Man came not to be served but to serve, and to give his life a ransom
for many.'

