
Priest-in-Charge Fr John Ainslie
([revjohnainslie@gmail.com](mailto:revjohnainslie@gmail.com); 01628 629827)

A very warm welcome to any new readers, and to visitors and
newcomers to St Michael's. If you are new to St Michael's, do join us
for refreshments in the Vestry Hall after the service, so we can welcome
you properly.

**SERVICES THIS WEEK:** Note that there will not be a Mass on Thursday
morning this week as we have the Memorial Service for Peggy Thresh on
Thursday at 11.30am. Next Sunday Sung Mass is at 10.30am, when we
will be celebrating the Feast of the Apostles SS Peter and Paul
(transferred from Saturday 29th).

**FEAST DAYS THIS WEEK:** As I write this the Church is keeping the
Feast of St Alban, the first Christian Martyr of Britan, who was
beheaded on 22nd June ca year 250. The events of his martyrdom make
for enlightening reading and can be found in Bede's Ecclesiastical
History Book 1 Chapter 7. His Feast reminds us how far back in time
Christianity goes in these Isles (by comparison, Pope Gregory's sending
of Augustine to be the first Archbishop of Canterbury was not until
596).

Monday 24th sees the **Feast of the Birth of John the Baptist** -- an
event surrounded by immense works of the Holy spirit, as we read in the
first chapter of Luke's Gospel. His feast is at mid-Summer, recognising
his words recorded in John 3:30 "He must increase, I must decrease",
speaking about Jesus and reminding us of the need to put God first.

**THANK YOU** to all who contributed to our fantastic Summer Fun Day
last weekend. The total raised was just under Â£800. The event brought in
many friends from our local community and beyond, and new faces too. We
were delighted to see you all and to welcome you to St Michael's, and we
look forward to seeing you again.

**A VERY BIG THANK YOU** to the "mystery mower" who has done a
splendid job mowing the grass around the church. Do make yourself known
to me so I can thank you in person.

**All Saint's Church Maidstone** is holding a festival entitled
**"Celebrating Life"** from 21st to 30th June, with many events
including concerts, a Festival Choral Evensong, and a cheese and wine
reception followed by discussion on justice matters with Maidstone Crown
Court Judges. Details at
https://maidstoneallsaints.co.uk/celebration.htm

**Cell of Our Lady of Walsingham / Mass of Our Lady of Walsingham.** Fr
Paul has made the wonderful suggestion that we might form a Cell of OLW
at St Michaels. The purpose is to form a group who commit to praying for
the Shrine at Walsingham, and offer a regular Mary Mass -- possibly
monthly on Saturday morning. The Cell might also serve as a powerhouse
of prayer for our mission and ministry at St Michaels as we seek to
serve Our Lord in this Parish. We need at least seven members besides
myself. If you would be interested please let me know.

**IMPORTANT NEWS ABOUT OUR INTERCESSIONS LIST** Our list of the Sick is
well out of date, and includes names who can no longer be identified.
From the beginning of July we will use a completely new list of those
who are sick or otherwise need our prayers-- please let me know asap if
either you yourself, or someone you know, would like to be on our prayer
list. The preference in future will be for Christian names [and
Surnames]{.underline} to be used, so we have a better idea of who we are
praying for. Email to me is good -- <revjohnainslie@gmail.com> -
including full name, an idea of the reason for inclusion, and an
indication of whether the person concerned has given their agreement to
be included (if not, Christian name only will be used).

**For our prayers:** We pray for those fleeing persecution, and in our
Parish for our schools esp St Michael's primary and junior schools. In
our National life we pray for the General Election, and in our Church we
pray for those who bring us music, serving at the altar, and welcome and
refreshments at our services.

We pray for all those in need, and especially Paul, Margaret, Ellie,
Pauline, Rue, Fr Leon, Antony, Fran, Ellie, Tom, Joseph, Peter, Joan,
Margaret, Lindsay, Glynis, Ethan, Sarah, Yvonne, Jessica, Leon, William,
Martyn, HM The King and Catherine, Princess of Wales.

We pray for the recently departed, among them Peggy Thresh, and we
remember Louise Mackett, Doris Smith and Helen Atkinson.

**From the Bell Tower:** Sunday 16 June 2024 in 39m (6--1--24 in C)\
1272 Surprise Minor (2m) 720 London Surprise, 552 Norwich Surprise\
1 Paul Barton 2 Jacqueline Barlow 3 Philip Jarvis 4 Jane L Kostelnyk 5
Mark Elvers 6 Neil Jones (C)

With the band's congratulations to Fr. Stephen Trafford on his
ordination to the priesthood.
