**PALM SUNDAY YEAR B. Hymns: NEH 509, 511, 86, 306, 474**

***We gather in the Parish Hall for the Blessing and Distribution of
Palms.***

**PALM GOSPEL Mark 11. 1-11** When they were approaching Jerusalem, at
Bethphage and Bethany, near the Mount of Olives, he sent two of his
disciples and said to them, 'Go into the village ahead of you, and
immediately as you enter it, you will find tied there a colt that has
never been ridden; untie it and bring it. If anyone says to you, "Why
are you doing this?" just say this, "The Lord needs it and will send it
back here immediately." ' They went away and found a colt tied near a
door, outside in the street. As they were untying it, some of the
bystanders said to them, 'What are you doing, untying the colt?' They
told them what Jesus had said; and they allowed them to take it. Then
they brought the colt to Jesus and threw their cloaks on it; and he sat
on it. Many people spread their cloaks on the road, and others spread
leafy branches that they had cut in the fields. Then those who went
ahead and those who followed were shouting, 'Hosanna! Blessed is the one
who comes in the name of the Lord! Blessed is the coming kingdom of our
ancestor David! Hosanna in the highest heaven!' Then he entered
Jerusalem and went into the temple; and when he had looked around at
everything, as it was already late, he went out to Bethany with the
twelve.

**FIRST READING Isaiah 50. 4-9a**The Lord [God]{.smallcaps} has given me
the tongue of a teacher, that I may know how to sustain the weary with a
word. Morning by morning he wakens - wakens my ear to listen as those
who are taught. The Lord [God]{.smallcaps} has opened my ear, and I was
not rebellious, I did not turn backwards. I gave my back to those who
struck me, and my cheeks to those who pulled out the beard; I did not
hide my face from insult and spitting.

The Lord [God]{.smallcaps} helps me; therefore I have not been
disgraced; therefore I have set my face like flint, and I know that I
shall not be put to shame; he who vindicates me is near. Who will
contend with me? Let us stand up together. Who are my adversaries? Let
them confront me. It is the Lord [God]{.smallcaps} who helps me; who
will declare me guilty?

**PSALM Psalm 31.9--16** R **My God, my God, why have you forsaken me?**

9 Have mercy on me, O Lord, for I am in trouble; my eye is consumed with
sorrow,

and also my throat and my belly.

10 For my life is wasted with grief, and my years with sighing;

my strength fails me because of affliction, and my bones are consumed. R

11 I have become a reproach to all my enemies, and even to my
neighbours,

a dismay to those of my acquaintance; when they see me in the street
they avoid me.

12 I am forgotten like the dead, out of mind; I am as useless as a
broken pot. R

13 For I have heard the whispering of the crowd; fear is all around;

they put their heads together against me; they plot to take my life.

14 But as for me, I have trusted in you, O Lord. I have said, 'You are
my God. R

15 My times are in your hand; rescue me from the hand of my enemies, and
from those who persecute me.

16 Make your face to shine upon your servant, and in your
loving-kindness save me.' R

**SECOND READING Philippians 2. 5-11** Let the same mind be in you that
was in Christ Jesus, who, though he was in the form of God, did not
regard equality with God as something to be exploited, but emptied
himself, taking the form of a slave, being born in human likeness. And
being found in human form, he humbled himself and became obedient to the
point of death - even death on a cross.

Therefore God also highly exalted him and gave him the name that is
above every name, so that at the name of Jesus every knee should bend,
in heaven and on earth and under the earth, and every tongue should
confess that Jesus Christ is Lord, to the glory of God the Father.

**For the PASSION reading, please see separate booklet.**

