Hymns NEH 484, 431, 414, 353

# FIRST READING (Joshua 24: 1-2, 14-18)

## A reading from the book of Joshua.

Joshua gathered all the tribes of Israel to Shechem, and summoned the
elders, the heads, the judges, and the officers of Israel; and they
presented themselves before God. And Joshua said to all the people,
'Thus says the Lord, the God of Israel: Long ago your ancestors---Terah
and his sons Abraham and Nahor---lived beyond the Euphrates and served
other gods.

'Now therefore revere the Lord, and serve him in sincerity and in
faithfulness; put away the gods that your ancestors served beyond the
River and in Egypt, and serve the Lord. Now if you are unwilling to
serve the Lord, choose this day whom you will serve, whether the gods
your ancestors served in the region beyond the River or the gods of the
Amorites in whose land you are living; but as for me and my household,
we will serve the Lord.'

Then the people answered, 'Far be it from us that we should forsake
the Lord to serve other gods; for it is the Lord our God who brought us
and our ancestors up from the land of Egypt, out of the house of
slavery, and who did those great signs in our sight. He protected us
along all the way that we went, and among all the peoples through whom
we passed; and the Lord drove out before us all the peoples, the
Amorites who lived in the land. Therefore we also will serve the Lord,
for he is our God.'

# RESPONSORIAL PSALM (From Ps 34)

## Response: The eyes of the Lord are on the righteous.

1\. The eyes of the Lord are on the righteous,\
and his ears are open to their cry.\
The face of the Lord is against evildoers,\
to cut off the remembrance of them from the earth. ***R.***

2\. Many are the afflictions of the righteous,\
But the Lord rescues them from them all.\
He keeps all their bones;\
not one of them will be broken. ***R.***

3\. Evil brings death to the wicked,\
And those who hate the righteous will be condemned.\
The Lord redeems the life of his servants;\
none of those who take refuge in him will be condemned. ***R.***

# SECOND READING (Ephesians 6: 10-20)

## A reading from the letter of St Paul to the Ephesians.

Finally, be strong in the Lord and in the strength of his power. Put on
the whole armour of God, so that you may be able to stand against the
wiles of the devil. For our struggle is not against enemies of blood and
flesh, but against the rulers, against the authorities, against the
cosmic powers of this present darkness, against the spiritual forces of
evil in the heavenly places. Therefore, take up the whole armour of God,
so that you may be able to withstand on that evil day, and having done
everything, to stand firm. Stand therefore, and fasten the belt of truth
around your waist, and put on the breastplate of righteousness. As shoes
for your feet put on whatever will make you ready to proclaim the gospel
of peace. With all of these, take the shield of faith, with which you
will be able to quench all the flaming arrows of the evil one. Take the
helmet of salvation, and the sword of the Spirit, which is the word of
God.

Pray in the Spirit at all times in every prayer and supplication. To
that end keep alert and always persevere in supplication for all the
saints. Pray also for me, so that when I speak, a message may be given
to me to make known with boldness the mystery of the gospel, for which I
am an ambassador in chains. Pray that I may declare it boldly, as I must
speak.

# HOLY GOSPEL (John 6: 56-69)

Those who eat my flesh and drink my blood abide in me, and I in
them. Just as the living Father sent me, and I live because of the
Father, so whoever eats me will live because of me. This is the bread
that came down from heaven, not like that which your ancestors ate, and
they died. But the one who eats this bread will live for ever.' He said
these things while he was teaching in the synagogue at Capernaum.

When many of his disciples heard it, they said, 'This teaching is
difficult; who can accept it?' But Jesus, being aware that his disciples
were complaining about it, said to them, 'Does this offend you? Then
what if you were to see the Son of Man ascending to where he was
before? It is the spirit that gives life; the flesh is useless. The
words that I have spoken to you are spirit and life. But among you there
are some who do not believe.' For Jesus knew from the first who were the
ones that did not believe, and who was the one that would betray
him. And he said, 'For this reason I have told you that no one can come
to me unless it is granted by the Father.'

Because of this many of his disciples turned back and no longer went
about with him. So Jesus asked the twelve, 'Do you also wish to go
away?' Simon Peter answered him, 'Lord, to whom can we go? You have the
words of eternal life. We believe and know that you are the Holy One of
God.'

