**SECOND SUNDAY AFTER TRINITY Hymns 436, 381, 439, 391**

**FIRST READING Genesis 3.8-15** They heard the sound of the Lord God
walking in the garden at the time of the evening breeze, and the man and
his wife hid themselves from the presence of the Lord God among the
trees of the garden. But the Lord God called to the man, and said to
him, 'Where are you?' He said, 'I heard the sound of you in the garden,
and I was afraid, because I was naked; and I hid myself.' He said, 'Who
told you that you were naked? Have you eaten from the tree of which I
commanded you not to eat?' The man said, 'The woman whom you gave to be
with me, she gave me fruit from the tree, and I ate.' Then the Lord God
said to the woman, 'What is this that you have done?' The woman said,
'The serpent tricked me, and I ate.' The Lord God said to the serpent,
'Because you have done this, cursed are you among all animals and among
all wild creatures; upon your belly you shall go, and dust you shall eat
all the days of your life. I will put enmity between you and the woman,
and between your offspring and hers; he will strike your head, and you
will strike his heel.'

**RESPONSORIAL PSALM 130 *Response: With the Lord there is mercy and
fullness of redemption. ***

1\. Out of the depths I cry to you, O Lord; Lord, hear my voice!  
O let your ears be attentive; to the voice of my pleading. ***R.***

2\. If you, O Lord, should mark our guilt; Lord, who would survive?  
But with you is found forgiveness; for this we revere you. ***R.***

3\. My soul is waiting for the Lord: I count on his word.  
My soul is longing for the Lord more than watchmen count on daybreak:  
Let the watchmen count on daybreak and Israel on the Lord. ***R.***

4\. Because with the Lord there is mercy: and fullness of redemption,  
Israel indeed he will redeem: from all its iniquity. ***R.***

**SECOND READING 2 Corinthians 4.13-5.1** But just as we have the same
spirit of faith that is in accordance with scripture---'I believed, and
so I spoke'---we also believe, and so we speak, because we know that the
one who raised the Lord Jesus will raise us also with Jesus, and will
bring us with you into his presence. Yes, everything is for your sake,
so that grace, as it extends to more and more people, may increase
thanksgiving, to the glory of God. So we do not lose heart. Even though
our outer nature is wasting away, our inner nature is being renewed day
by day. For this slight momentary affliction is preparing us for an
eternal weight of glory beyond all measure, because we look not at what
can be seen but at what cannot be seen; for what can be seen is
temporary, but what cannot be seen is eternal. For we know that if the
earthly tent we live in is destroyed, we have a building from God, a
house not made with hands, eternal in the heavens.

**GOSPEL Mark 3.20-35** And the crowd came together again, so that they
could not even eat. When his family heard it, they went out to restrain
him, for people were saying, 'He has gone out of his mind.' And the
scribes who came down from Jerusalem said, 'He has Beelzebul, and by the
ruler of the demons he casts out demons.' And he called them to him, and
spoke to them in parables, 'How can Satan cast out Satan? If a kingdom
is divided against itself, that kingdom cannot stand. And if a house is
divided against itself, that house will not be able to stand. And if
Satan has risen up against himself and is divided, he cannot stand, but
his end has come. But no one can enter a strong man's house and plunder
his property without first tying up the strong man; then indeed the
house can be plundered. 'Truly I tell you, people will be forgiven for
their sins and whatever blasphemies they utter; but whoever blasphemes
against the Holy Spirit can never have forgiveness, but is guilty of an
eternal sin'--- for they had said, 'He has an unclean spirit.' Then his
mother and his brothers came; and standing outside, they sent to him and
called him. A crowd was sitting around him; and they said to him, 'Your
mother and your brothers and sisters are outside, asking for you.' And
he replied, 'Who are my mother and my brothers?' And looking at those
who sat around him, he said, 'Here are my mother and my brothers!
Whoever does the will of God is my brother and sister and mother.

