
## Priest-in-Charge Fr John Ainslie ([revjohnainslie@gmail.com](mailto:revjohnainslie@gmail.com); 01628 629827)

**A very warm welcome** to any new readers, and to visitors and
newcomers to St Michael\'s. If you are new to St Michael\'s, do join us
for refreshments in the Vestry Hall after the service, so we can welcome
you properly.

**PRAYER REQUEST SLIPS** are available at the back of church if you want
to request prayer for yourself, for someone else or for a particular
situation.

**SERVICES THIS WEEK:** Thursday Mass at 10.30am (Feast of the
Assumption), **Saturday 10.30am Mass of Our Lady of Walsingham.** Next
Sunday Sung Mass 10.30am for Assumptiontide.

**This Thursday, 15th August, marks the Feast of The Assumption of
Mary into Heaven** which is, alongside the Feast of the Annunciation on
25th March, the major Feast of Our Lady in the Christian calendar. Any
Church which professes to honour the Blessed Virgin Mary will want to
keep this Feast with particular devotion and joy.

There will be three opportunities to honour Our Lady at St. Michael's
during this festival-time: On **Thursday** we will celebrate the Feast
of The Assumption itself at our 10.30am Mass. The following **Saturday
17th August** we have a Mass of Our Lady of Walsingham at 10.30am, and
we will keep **next Sunday** 18th August as a special Assumptiontide
Mass. You will be most welcome at any or all of these special Masses.

The Mass of OLW on Saturday 17th August will be followed by the
**inaugural meeting of the newly-formed St Michael's Cell of OLW**. The
Cell is a group of people, lay and ordained, who commit to honouring Our
Lady, praying for the Shrine at Walsingham, and praying for the mission
and ministry of St Michael's and for our Parish. Anyone interested would
be welcome to come along and find out more.

**Enhancing our Church Presence.** Those who have been to our Church
recently will have been greeted by the sight and fragrance of beautiful
lilies outside the main door -- a gift from a donor, enhancing the
appearance of our church building, giving happiness to those who see
them and speaking of the love, joy and beauty of our Christian faith. A
sign of the life of our Christian community here at St Michael's. If you
have other ideas for enhancing the outside appearance of our Church do
let me know - we are fortunate to have a large and prominent corner site
on the main road with lots of potential. Volunteers to 'adopt', care for
and maybe replant sections of the borders would be particularly welcome.
The grounds themselves are looking tidier following a one-off visit by
local probationers, for which we are grateful.

**Advance Notice: On Saturday October 12th there will be a Diocesan
conference on Sustainability, climate change and Eco-Church, titled
"Growing Greener" in Canterbury 9am-12.30.**

**FOR OUR PRAYERS:** We pray for growth in faith, discipleship and
numbers of our Church family; for the development of lay leadership
within the Church; and for the St Michael's Cell of Our Lady of
Walsingham. We give thanks and pray for those who prepare and serve our
refreshments after the Sunday and Thursday services.

**We pray for those in need**, and especially Paul Jones, Glynis
Reynolds, Yvonne Young, Jessica O'Sullivan, Ellie Pointer, Rue McGeouch,
Frank Carr, Lindsay Wheeler, Peter Rowe, William Danes-Volkov, Martyn
Nash, Lisa Thompset, Fran, Keanna, Ellie Tomlinson and Claire Goodwin.

**We pray for the recently departed**, including Elsie, Bebe and Alice,
the three girls who died in the attack in Southport. We remember those
who have faithfully served God in this place in previous generations,
and we pray for those whose year's mind occurs this week: Arthur Edwards
Pilbeam, Elva Smith and Neil Suitter.

**From the Belltower:**

Friday, 9 August 2024 in 43m (6--1--24 in C)\
**1320 Vowchurch Surprise Minor**

1 Ann Jenner 2 Jacqueline Barlow 3 Douglas Davis 4 Mark Elvers 5 Pam
Thomas 6 Stanley Jenner (C)

With get well wishes to Robert Saunders and Martyn Nash.\
Celebrating the founding of the Mothers\' Union in 1876 by Mary Sumner.
