Hymns NEH 415, 226, 276, 360

# FIRST READING (Acts 12: 1-11)

About that time King Herod laid violent hands upon some who belonged to
the church. He had James, the brother of John, killed with the
sword. After he saw that it pleased the Jews, he proceeded to arrest
Peter also. (This was during the festival of Unleavened Bread.) When he
had seized him, he put him in prison and handed him over to four squads
of soldiers to guard him, intending to bring him out to the people after
the Passover. While Peter was kept in prison, the church prayed
fervently to God for him.

The very night before Herod was going to bring him out, Peter, bound
with two chains, was sleeping between two soldiers, while guards in
front of the door were keeping watch over the prison. Suddenly an angel
of the Lord appeared and a light shone in the cell. He tapped Peter on
the side and woke him, saying, 'Get up quickly.' And the chains fell off
his wrists. The angel said to him, 'Fasten your belt and put on your
sandals.' He did so. Then he said to him, 'Wrap your cloak around you
and follow me.' Peter went out and followed him; he did not realize that
what was happening with the angel's help was real; he thought he was
seeing a vision. After they had passed the first and the second guard,
they came before the iron gate leading into the city. It opened for them
of its own accord, and they went outside and walked along a lane, when
suddenly the angel left him. Then Peter came to himself and said, 'Now I
am sure that the Lord has sent his angel and rescued me from the hands
of Herod and from all that the Jewish people were expecting.'

# RESPONSORIAL PSALM (from Ps 34)

Response: The angel of the Lord rescues those who revere him.

1\. I will bless the Lord at all times,\
his praise always on my lips;\
in the Lord my soul shall make its boast.\
The humble shall hear and be glad. R.

3\. Look towards him and be radiant;\
let your faces not be abashed.\
This poor man called; the Lord heard him\
And rescued him from all his distress. R.

2\.  Glorify the Lord with me.\
Together let us praise his name.\
I sought the Lord and he answered me;\
from all my terrors he set me free. R.

4\. The angel of the Lord is encamped\
around those who revere him, to rescue them.\
Taste and see that the Lord is good.\
He is happy who seeks refuge in him. R.

# SECOND READING (2 Timothy 4: 6-8, 17-18)

As for me, I am already being poured out as a libation, and the time of
my departure has come. I have fought the good fight, I have finished the
race, I have kept the faith. From now on there is reserved for me the
crown of righteousness, which the Lord, the righteous judge, will give
to me on that day, and not only to me but also to all who have longed
for his appearing.

But the Lord stood by me and gave me strength, so that through me the
message might be fully proclaimed and all the Gentiles might hear it. So
I was rescued from the lion's mouth. The Lord will rescue me from every
evil attack and save me for his heavenly kingdom. To him be the glory
for ever and ever. Amen.

# HOLY GOSPEL (Matthew 16: 13-19)

Now when Jesus came into the district of Caesarea Philippi, he asked his
disciples, 'Who do people say that the Son of Man is?' And they said,
'Some say John the Baptist, but others Elijah, and still others Jeremiah
or one of the prophets.' He said to them, 'But who do you say that I
am?' Simon Peter answered, 'You are the Messiah, the Son of the living
God.' And Jesus answered him, 'Blessed are you, Simon son of Jonah! For
flesh and blood has not revealed this to you, but my Father in
heaven. And I tell you, you are Peter, and on this rock I will build my
church, and the gates of Hades will not prevail against it. I will give
you the keys of the kingdom of heaven, and whatever you bind on earth
will be bound in heaven, and whatever you loose on earth will be loosed
in heaven.'

# NEWS FROM ST MICHAEL'S

Priest-in-Charge Fr John Ainslie
([revjohnainslie@gmail.com](mailto:revjohnainslie@gmail.com);
01628 629827)

A very warm welcome to any new readers, and to visitors and
newcomers to St Michael's. If you are new to St Michael\'s, do join us
for refreshments in the Vestry Hall after the service, so we can welcome
you properly.

**SERVICES THIS WEEK:** Mass on Thursday at 10.30am (St Thomas). Next
Sunday Sung Mass at 10.30am.

**SAINTS DAYS THIS WEEK:** As I write this (Friday 28th) the Church
remembers St Irenaeus, Bishop of Lyon, who lived between ca 130 and
ca 200. As a boy he heard St Polycarp preach, who in turn had been a
disciple of the Apostle John, so the teaching of St Irenaeus (especially
on the full humanity of Christ) is an important link between the first
Apostles and the emerging Church of the second century. This weekend we
keep SS Peter and Paul. Wednesday 3rd July is the Feast of St
Thomas the Apostle (patron saint of India).

**THANK YOU** to all who contributed in whatever way to the Memorial
Service for Peggy Thresh, and especially to Eleanor who mastered the
organisation and led the service so well. May Peggy rest in peace and
rise in glory.

**Our Churchwarden Jonathan** will be formally sworn into office for the
year 2024/5 at the Archdeacon's Visitation Service this Tuesday 2nd
July. The service is at St Michaels Sittingbourne at 7pm. I know that
some of you will be supporting Jonathan by attending the service, if
anyone else would like to go I'm sure your presence would be welcome. We
thank Jonathan and pray for him as he serves for another year. William
Danes-Volkov, also elected Churchwarden at our APCM, is unable to take
up his position due to ill health. We continue to pray for William.

**Forward in Faith Events.** Two very enjoyable events are coming up, to
which you are all invited. Next Sunday, 7th July there is the
Blessing of the Fisheries at St Peter's Folkstone at 3pm. And on
Sunday 28th July there is a BBQ at St Michael's Harbledown from 3pm,
with Evensong and Benediction at 6pm. Details from Eleanor or myself.

**Cell of Our Lady of Walsingham / Mass of Our Lady of Walsingham.** Fr
Paul has suggested that we might form a Cell of OLW at St Michaels - to
celebrate Mary of Walsingham, pray for the Shrine and for the mission
and ministry of St Michael's, and offer a monthly Mass of Our Lady.
Please let me know if you would be interested.

**IMPORTANT NEWS ABOUT OUR INTERCESSIONS LIST.** From the beginning of
July we will use a completely new list of those who are sick or
otherwise need our prayers-- please let me know if either you yourself,
or someone you know, would like to be on our prayer list. The
preference in future will be for Christian names [and
Surnames]{.underline} to be used, so we have a better idea of who we are
praying for. Email to me is good -- <revjohnainslie@gmail.com> -
including full name, an idea of the reason for inclusion, and indicating
whether the person concerned has given their agreement to be included
(if not, Christian name only will be used).

**FOR OUR PRAYERS:** In our National life we pray for the General
Election, and in our Church life we pray for all being ordained as
Deacon or Priest this Petertide. We pray for Jonathan as he begins
another year as Churchwarden.

We pray for all those in need, and especially Paul, Margaret, Ellie,
Pauline, Rue, Fr Leon, Antony, Fran, Ellie, Tom, Joseph, Peter, Joan,
Margaret, Lindsay, Glynis, Ethan, Sarah, Yvonne, Jessica, Leon, William,
Martyn, HM The King and Catherine, Princess of Wales.

We pray for the recently departed, and those who's year's mind falls at
this time: Betty Stevens, Joyce Worsfold, Molly Perkins, Dorothy
Methven, Stella Dixon, Mary Baxter and David Parsons.

Readers for July: July 7th: OT+Ps Catherine Garland, NT Ralph
Baldock; July 14th: Margaret Gatehouse, Eleanor Relle; July
21st: William Danes-Volkov, Mike Trout; July 28th: Ralph
Baldock, Alison Heywood

**From the Bell Tower:** Sunday, 23 June 2024 in 39m (6--1--24 in C)\
1269 Surfleet Surprise Minor\
1 Emma Jarvis 2 Jacqueline Barlow 3 Philip Jarvis 4 Mark Elvers 5 Pam
Thomas 6 Neil Jones (C)

Rung on the Saint's Day of Etheldreda, Abbess of Ely (c.678) to
celebrate Fr John's 6th Anniversary of the Priesthood.

Thursday, 27 June 2024 in 43m (6--1--24 in C)\
1260 Grandsire Triples\
1 Terry Barnard 2 Paul Barton 3 Jacqueline Barlow 4 Jane L Kostelnyk 5
Janice Byrne 6 Kath White 7 Neil Jones (C) 8 Mark Elvers

Rung for the Service of Thanksgiving for the life of Peggy Thresh
(5/4/1922 to 23/4/2024).
