
## Priest-in-Charge Fr John Ainslie ([revjohnainslie@gmail.com](mailto:revjohnainslie@gmail.com); 01628 629827)

**A very warm welcome** to any new readers, and to visitors and
newcomers to St Michael\'s. If you are new to St Michael\'s, do join us
for refreshments in the Vestry Hall after the service, so we can welcome
you properly.

**PRAYER REQUEST SLIPS** are available at the back of church if you want
to request prayer for yourself, for someone else or for a particular
situation.

**SERVICES THIS WEEK:** Thursday Mass at 10.30, next Sunday Sung Mass
10.30am, followed by refreshments.

**HOLY DAYS THIS WEEK:** On Friday the Church celebrates **St John
Chrysostom**. Born in Antioch in 347 he was a brilliant preacher,
honoured as one of the four Greek 'Doctors of the Church', and as
Patriarch of Constantinople he reformed the clergy, he exposed
corruption in both Church and State, and called both to care for the
poor and the hungry. Exiled by Empress Eudoxia, he died of exhaustion
and starvation in 407. He remains a potent example of what it means to
proclaim the Gospel in both word and deed. Saturday is **Holy Cross
Day.** In the 4th Century Helena, Christian mother of the emperor,
oversaw excavations of holy sites in Jerusalem and is said to have
uncovered the original cross of Christ. A Basilica was built on the site
of the Holy Sepulchre and dedicated on this day in 335.

**HERITAGE OPEN DAY AT ST MICHAEL'S CHURCH, SATURDAY 14th SEPTEMBER** --
do come, and invite all your friends. Help on the day would be
appreciated -- see list at Back of Church. Includes music played on our
superb Father Willis Organ, and ringing from the Tower courtesy of our
team of Bell Ringers.

**WALSINGHAM 2025:** A reminder that we have our Parish Pilgrimage to
Walsingham booked for 27th-30th May 2025. Fr Peter at Harbledown is
also arranging a Diocesan FiF pilgrimage to Walsingham next year, for
18th-22nd August. No need for decisions yet -- but please note the
dates if you think you may want to come.

**HARVEST FESTIVAL:** We shall be keeping our Harvest Festival on
**Sunday October 6th**.

**UNDERSTANDING JESUS**. There is a study day on **Saturday 26th
October in Northfleet** exploring the culture of 1st century Judaism,
unlocking the understanding of what Jesus' teaching might have meant to
those who first heard it, and how that helps us understand it today.
Booking is required -- see poster at Back of Church.

The lecturer, Mark Hendley, also leads guided tours at the British
Museum to explore the regional and cultural context of Biblical history,
and the historical truth of Bible stories, through the extensive
collection of artefacts in the British Museum which bring the history of
the period to life. The next tour is on **Saturday November 9th**. Let
me know if you would be interested in going, and we may arrange a trip.
See <https://thestonescryout.org.uk/british-museum>

**FREE REPAIR CAFE at Lockmeadow, 7 Sept, Market Hall.** Breathe new
life into broken items by bringing toys, jewellery, electricals,
clothing, textiles, furniture, wooden objects, bicycle maintenance,
computers and IT equipment to the Repair Caf√© where a team of volunteers
will fix them for free! No booking required.

**FOR OUR PRAYERS:** We pray for HRH King Charles III, for our PCC
meeting this week, and for the Heritage Open Day next Saturday.

**We pray for those in need**, and especially Paul Jones, Glynis
Reynolds, Yvonne Young, Jessica O'Sullivan, Frank Carr, Lindsay Wheeler,
Peter Rowe, William Danes-Volkov, Martyn Nash, Lisa Thompset, Fran,
Keanna, Ellie Tomlinson, Claire Goodwin, Sara Dray and Robert Hill.

**We pray for the recently departed**. We remember those who have
faithfully served God in this Church in previous generations, and we
pray for those whose year's mind occurs this week: John Roden, Horace
Copperwheat and George Mason. May they rest in peace and rise in glory.

**From the Belltower**:

Sunday, 1 September 2024 in 41m (6--1--24 in C)\
**1296 Spliced Surprise Minor composed by Mark T Elvers**

1 Emma Jarvis 2 Jacqueline Barlow 3 Paul Barton 4 Mark Elvers 5 Philip Jarvis 6 Neil
Jones (C).

Rung on the Saint's Day of Giles of Provence, Hermit, c.710.

