**PENTECOST Hymns NEH 137, 139, 138, 342**

**FIRST READING (Acts 2.1-21)** *A reading from the Acts of the
Apostles.* When the day of Pentecost had come, they were all together in
one place. And suddenly from heaven there came a sound like the rush of
a violent wind, and it filled the entire house where they were sitting.
Divided tongues, as of fire, appeared among them, and a tongue rested on
each of them. All of them were filled with the Holy Spirit and began to
speak in other languages, as the Spirit gave them ability. Now there
were devout Jews from every nation under heaven living in Jerusalem. And
at this sound the crowd gathered and was bewildered, because each one
heard them speaking in the native language of each. Amazed and
astonished, they asked, 'Are not all these who are speaking Galileans?
And how is it that we hear, each of us, in our own native language?
Parthians, Medes, Elamites, and residents of Mesopotamia, Judea and
Cappadocia, Pontus and Asia, Phrygia and Pamphylia, Egypt and the parts
of Libya belonging to Cyrene, and visitors from Rome, both Jews and
proselytes, Cretans and Arabs---in our own languages we hear them
speaking about God's deeds of power.' All were amazed and perplexed,
saying to one another, 'What does this mean?' But others sneered and
said, 'They are filled with new wine.' But Peter, standing with the
eleven, raised his voice and addressed them: 'Men of Judea and all who
live in Jerusalem, let this be known to you, and listen to what I say.
Indeed, these are not drunk, as you suppose, for it is only nine o'clock
in the morning. No, this is what was spoken through the prophet Joel:

"In the last days it will be, God declares, that I will pour out my
Spirit upon all flesh, and your sons and your daughters shall prophesy,
and your young men shall see visions, and your old men shall dream
dreams. Even upon my slaves, both men and women, in those days I will
pour out my Spirit; and they shall prophesy. And I will show portents in
the heaven above and signs on the earth below, blood, and fire, and
smoky mist. The sun shall be turned to darkness and the moon to blood,
before the coming of the Lord's great and glorious day. Then everyone
who calls on the name of the Lord shall be saved." \'

**RESPONSORIAL PSALM 104**

***Response: Send forth your Spirit, O Lord, and renew the face of the earth.***

1\. Bless the Lord, my soul: Lord God, how great you are.  
How many are your works, O Lord! The earth is full of your riches.  ***R.***

2\. You take back your spirit, they die: returning to the dust from which they came.  
You send forth your spirit, they are created: and you renew the face of  
the earth. ***R.***

3\. May the glory of the Lord last for ever! May the Lord rejoice in his works!  
May my thoughts be pleasing to him: I find my joy in the Lord. ***R.***

**SECOND READING Romans 8.22-27** *A reading from the letter of Paul to
the Romans.* We know that the whole creation has been groaning in labour
pains until now; and not only the creation, but we ourselves, who have
the first fruits of the Spirit, groan inwardly while we wait for
adoption, the redemption of our bodies. For in hope we were saved. Now
hope that is seen is not hope. For who hopes for what is seen? But if we
hope for what we do not see, we wait for it with patience. Likewise the
Spirit helps us in our weakness; for we do not know how to pray as we
ought, but that very Spirit intercedes with sighs too deep for words.
And God, who searches the heart, knows what is the mind of the Spirit,
because the Spirit intercedes for the saints according to the will of
God.

**GOSPEL John 15.26-27; 16.4b-15** 'When the Advocate comes, whom I will
send to you from the Father, the Spirit of truth who comes from the
Father, he will testify on my behalf. You also are to testify because
you have been with me from the beginning. 'I did not say these things to
you from the beginning, because I was with you. But now I am going to
him who sent me; yet none of you asks me, "Where are you going?" But
because I have said these things to you, sorrow has filled your hearts.
Nevertheless, I tell you the truth: it is to your advantage that I go
away, for if I do not go away, the Advocate will not come to you; but if
I go, I will send him to you. And when he comes, he will prove the world
wrong about sin and righteousness and judgement: about sin, because they
do not believe in me; about righteousness, because I am going to the
Father and you will see me no longer; about judgement, because the ruler
of this world has been condemned. 'I still have many things to say to
you, but you cannot bear them now. When the Spirit of truth comes, he
will guide you into all the truth; for he will not speak on his own, but
will speak whatever he hears, and he will declare to you the things that
are to come. He will glorify me, because he will take what is mine and
declare it to you. All that the Father has is mine. For this reason I
said that he will take what is mine and declare it to you.\'

***Could you pass this sheet on to someone else who might like to see it?***

