
**Priest-in-Charge Fr John Ainslie (**<revjohnainslie@gmail.com>**;
01628 629827)**

*A very warm welcome* to any new readers, and to visitors and newcomers
to St Michael\'s. If you are new to St Michael\'s, do join us for
refreshments in the Vestry Hall after the service, so that we can
welcome you properly. A special thank you and welcome to Fr Paul
Matthias, who is celebrating Mass for us while Fr John is on holiday.

***Our Services in the coming week:** Thursday -- Mass at 10.30 am;
Sunday -- Mass at 10.30 am.*

**Thank you, St Michael\'s!** We have received a warm message of
appreciation from the Romanian Orthodox congregation who held their
Easter worship in our church last weekend. Their priest, Fr Mihail, then
left immediately to minister in Scotland, where the Romanian Orthodox
have no official centre for worship and no available priest. Here we
have a church, a parish priest of our own, and the opportunity of a full
sacramental life - do we realise how much ***we*** have to be thankful
for?

A not dissimilar thought is prompted by an appreciative letter from the
manager at **Maidstone Homeless Care** in Knightrider Street, to whom we
sent Â£180 after our Frugal Lent Lunch: "\...In these difficult times, it
is heart-warming to know that there are people such as yourselves, on
whom we can rely to keep our services operational\...On behalf of
Homeless Care, we thank you." The Food Bank and Day Centre in
Knightrider Street support not only homeless people but also other
individuals and families who are vulnerable or in difficulties. Gifts of
money and food are always appreciated -- visit their website on
www.homelesscare.org.uk.

**The date for Peggy Thresh\'s Memorial Service** is not yet finalised,
but it is expected to be in the last week of June.

**Summer Fun Day: June 15th!** We can start looking forward to this
already -- and publicising it. We\'ll have competitions and attractions
for everyone from **10 am to 2 pm**, including a tombola, a plant stall,
cakes and refreshments. It will be the official birthday of HM The King
-- so children dressed as kings and princesses will be most welcome and
may win a prize! Could **you** contribute plants, tombola items
(preferably with a garden/picnic/outdoor theme) - or cakes etc. on the
day? Entries invited for the best crown and the best scarecrow -- and
there will also be a dog show!

**From Our Tower:**

***[Kent County
Association](https://bb.ringingworld.co.uk/performances-report.php?association_id=19&year=2024):***
[**Maidstone**, Kent](https://dove.cccbr.org.uk/tower/12644#_blank), St
Michael and All Angels

Sunday, 28 April 2024 in 38m (6--1--24 in C)

**1272 Norwich Surprise Minor**

1. Terry Barnard
2. Jacqueline Barlow
3. Emma Jarvis
4. Mark Elvers
5. Philip Jarvis
6. Neil Jones (C)

In Thanksgiving for the life of Peggy Thresh, who died on 23/4/2024 aged
102 years, and in memory of John Tester (24/4/22). R.I.P.

Sunday, 5 May 2024 in 39m (6--1--24 in C)

**1271 Bamborough Surprise Minor**

[Composed by Mark T
Elvers](https://bb.ringingworld.co.uk/comp.php?id=2297331)

1. Emma Jarvis
2. Jacqueline Barlow
3. Janice Byrne
4. Mark Elvers
5. Philip Jarvis
6. Neil Jones (C)

Rung on the sixth Sunday of Easter.

**Friends of Oaken Wood** have arranged an **Evening Bat Walk**, led by
an expert recorder, for the evening of Saturday, 25th May. It will
begin at the Redstart pub. For the starting time, and for FREE
membership of the Friends, please visit
<https://friendsofoakenwood.org/>.

**As half-term approaches, Canterbury Cathedral is advertising several
family attractions,** including special Family Tours and Stone Week
sessions with hands-on experience of stone-carving. These are FREE if
you already have entry to the Cathedral. For further information, and/or
to find out about the new Cathedral passes, please visit the Cathedral
website.

**We pray for sick people everywhere, including:** Paul, Margaret,
Ellie, Pauline, Rue, Fr Leon, Antony, Fran, Ellie, Tom, Joseph, Peter,
Joan, Margaret, Lindsay, Glynis, Ethan, Sarah, Yvonne, Jessica, HM The
King, with thanksgiving for his return to public duties, and Catherine,
Princess of Wales

**\...and for the Departed,** including: Mary Flisher, Margaret Kent,
Ellen Tame, Cyril Hudson.
