**FIRST SUNDAY IN LENT Hymns NEH 73, 76, 272, 74**

**FIRST READING GENESIS 9.8-17** Then God said to Noah and to his sons
with him, 'As for me, I am establishing my covenant with you and your
descendants after you, and with every living creature that is with you,
the birds, the domestic animals, and every animal of the earth with you,
as many as came out of the ark. I establish my covenant with you, that
never again shall all flesh be cut off by the waters of a flood, and
never again shall there be a flood to destroy the earth.'

God said, 'This is the sign of the covenant that I make between me and
you and every living creature that is with you, for all future
generations: I have set my bow in the clouds, and it shall be a sign of
the covenant between me and the earth. When I bring clouds over the
earth and the bow is seen in the clouds, I will remember my covenant
that is between me and you and every living creature of all flesh; and
the waters shall never again become a flood to destroy all flesh. When
the bow is in the clouds, I will see it and remember the everlasting
covenant between God and every living creature of all flesh that is on
the earth.'

God said to Noah, 'This is the sign of the covenant that I have
established between me and all flesh that is on the earth.'

**RESPONSORIAL PSALM 25 *Response: Remember, Lord, your compassion and
love***

To you, O [Lord]{.smallcaps}, I lift up my soul; O my God, in you I
trust;

let me not be put to shame; let not my enemies triumph over me.

Let none who look to you be put to shame,

but let the treacherous be shamed and frustrated. ***R***

Make me to know your ways, O [Lord]{.smallcaps}, and teach me your
paths.

Lead me in your truth and teach me,

for you are the God of my salvation; for you have I hoped all the day
long. ***R***

Remember, [Lord]{.smallcaps}, your compassion and love, for they are
from everlasting.

Remember not the sins of my youth or my transgressions,

but think of me in your goodness, O [Lord]{.smallcaps}, according to
your steadfast love. ***R***

Gracious and upright is the [Lord]{.smallcaps}; therefore shall he teach
sinners in the way.

He will guide the humble in doing right and teach his way to the lowly.
***R***

**SECOND READING 1PETER 3.18-22** For Christ also suffered for sins once
for all, the righteous for the unrighteous, in order to bring you to
God. He was put to death in the flesh, but made alive in the spirit, in
which also he went and made a proclamation to the spirits in prison, who
in former times did not obey, when God waited patiently in the days of
Noah, during the building of the ark, in which a few, that is, eight
people, were saved through water.

And baptism, which this pre-figured, now saves you -- not as a removal
of dirt from the body, but as an appeal to God for a good conscience,
through the resurrection of Jesus Christ, who has gone into heaven and
is at the right hand of God, with angels, authorities, and powers made
subject to him.

**GOSPEL MARK 1. 9-15** In those days Jesus came from Nazareth of
Galilee and was baptized by John in the Jordan. And just as he was
coming up out of the water, he saw the heavens torn apart and the Spirit
descending like a dove on him. And a voice came from heaven, 'You are my
Son, the Beloved; with you I am well pleased.'

And the Spirit immediately drove him out into the wilderness. He was in
the wilderness for forty days, tempted by Satan; and he was with the
wild beasts; and the angels waited on him.

Now after John was arrested, Jesus came to Galilee, proclaiming the good
news of God, and saying, 'The time is fulfilled, and the kingdom of God
has come near; repent, and believe in the good news.'

***Could you pass this sheet on to someone else who might like to see
it?***

***NEWS FROM ST MICHAEL\'S***

***A very warm welcome*** to any new readers, and to visitors and
newcomers to St Michael\'s. A special welcome and thanks to Fr Paul
Matthias, our celebrant this morning, who will also kindly be saying
Mass for us on **Thursday at 10.30 am.** If you are new to St
Michael\'s, do join us in the Vestry Hall after the service, so that we
can welcome you properly.

**Do remember our Lenten Frugal Lunch next Sunday, 25th February!**

**And the Quiet Afternoon on March 2^nd\ .\ ^**from 12 noon to 4 pm. A
chance to visit historic Capel Church and spend some time with God, and
enjoy medieval wall paintings, landscape and perhaps a walk, at the kind
invitation of the parish of St Peter and St Paul, Yalding. It will help
if you give your name to Eleanor, as Fr Kish is preparing some handouts;
please speak to Eleanor also if you need a lift.

**Prayers, please, for Fr John** as he prepares to join us as our new
Parish Priest, and for our parish, as we prepare to move onward under
his leadership. All members and friends of St Michael\'s are invited to
share in the joy of Fr John\'s Licensing Service on 21^st^ March at 7
pm, and the refreshments afterwards. Offers of help with these will be
gratefully received by Alison P and Sue.

**Help for Ukraine:** Simon at 27, Maryland Drive, Barming, ME16 9EN is
once more collecting much-needed medical and veterinary supplies (even
if partly used) and animal foodstuffs for Ukraine. Walking aids,
wheelchairs, clean old towels and duvet covers, and single quilts (not
with feathers) are also very welcome.

**From our Tower:**

**Kent County Association,** [**Maidstone**,
Kent](https://dove.cccbr.org.uk/tower/12644#_blank)

St Michael and All Angels

Friday, 9 February 2024 in 39m (6--1--24 in C)

**1296** **Mersey Surprise Minor**

1. Mark Elvers
2. Jacqueline Barlow
3. Janice Byrne
4. Stephen Coaker
5. Neil Jones (C)
6. Pam Thomas

A Birthday compliment to Father Paul Matthias.

Sunday, 11 February 2024 in 39m (6--1--24 in C)

**1280** **Double Norwich Court Bob Major**

1. Janice Byrne
2. Philip Jarvis
3. Jacqueline Barlow
4. Mark Elvers
5. Mike Birkbeck
6. Stephen Coaker
7. Pam Thomas
8. Neil Jones (C)

Remembering Mike Thresh, 12/2/15, R. I. P..

Rung within the Octave of the Feast of St Agatha.

**Canterbury Cathedral Passes?** Many people will remember that until
recently, members of any church in the diocese could obtain a free pass
that enabled them to visit the Cathedral free of charge. Since the
system changed in 2023, the old passes are no longer valid. Church
members (on a parish electoral roll or equivalent) and people in some
other categories can now apply online
(https://www.canterbury-cathedral.org/visit/the-cathedral-pass/)for a
pass which lasts for 5 years and costs £6. (There is of course still no
entry fee if you are attending a service at the Cathedral, or if you are
a Friend of the Cathedral). In view of the fees the Cathedral now
charges for ordinary visitors, which will certainly increase, the new
Cathedral Pass still represents good value.

**Among the Sick, we pray for:** Paul, Margaret, Ellie, Pauline, Rue, Fr
Leon, Antony, Fran, Ellie, Tom, Joseph, Peter, Joan, Margaret, Lindsay,
Glynis, Ethan, Sarah, Yvonne, Jean, Niraj and HM The King.

**Among the Departed:** Mike Thresh, Lilian Gilbert, William Norman
Bryson, Vera Clements.
