
## Priest-in-Charge Fr John Ainslie ([revjohnainslie@gmail.com](mailto:revjohnainslie@gmail.com); 01628 629827)

**A very warm welcome** to any new readers, and to visitors and
newcomers to St Michael\'s. If you are new to St Michael\'s, do join us
for refreshments in the Vestry Hall after the service so we can welcome
you properly.

**PRAYER REQUEST SLIPS** are available at the back of church if you want
to request prayer for yourself, for someone else or for a particular
situation.

**SERVICES THIS WEEK:** Said Mass on Thursday 10.30am. Next Sunday Sung
Mass at 10.30am.

**NEXT SATURDAY 14th DECEMBER: QUIET MORNING** in church 10am -- 1pm,
with Mass at 12.30. An opportunity for some reflective and prayerful
time to help us prepare for the Feast of Christmas. Come for the whole
time, or for a part, as you wish. If you are thinking of coming **it
would be helpful if you could add your name to the list at Back of
Church.**

**DETAILS OF CHRISTMAS SERVICES:**

**Sunday 22nd December: Traditional Service of Carols and Readings
with augmented choir at 4pm**, followed by mulled wine / non-alcoholic
equivalent and mince pies. All Welcome.

**Christmas Eve: Crib Service at 4pm**, All Welcome, especially
families.

**Midnight Mass: 11.30pm on Christmas Eve.**

**Christmas Morning: Sung Mass at 10.30am**

**ADVENT READING:** Advent is a time when we are encouraged to do some
extra reading, prayer and contemplation in preparation for the coming
celebration of Christmas.

**I have put a collection of booklets, daily prayers and readings for
Advent, and other Advent books at Back of Church for you to take home,
borrow, and use during this Advent season.**

**CHRISTMAS MARKET:** Many thanks to all those who came and supported
our Christmas Market last Saturday, and to all those who worked so hard
in preparation and on the day. A special treat for which we are hugely
thankful was the concert of Seasonal Music by the choir of our very own
St Michael's Junior School -- many thanks to all who organised and all
who took part. I'm delighted to say that on the day we raised the
tremendous sum of Â£1,142 for church funds.

**FOR OUR PRAYERS:** We pray for St Michael's Primary and Junior
schools, giving thanks for the active links we have with them. We pray
for the care homes in our parish, especially those who receive visits on
behalf of St Michael's church; for staff, residents and their families.

**We pray for those in need**, and especially Paul Jones, Glynis
Reynolds, Yvonne Young, Jessica O'Sullivan, Lindsay Wheeler, Martyn
Nash, Fran, Ellie Tomlinson, Sara Dray, Robert Hill, Michael, Alan,
Beryl Haigh, David Green and Terry Barnard.

**We pray for the recently departed**. We remember those who have
faithfully served God in this Church in previous generations, and we
pray for those whose year's mind occurs this week: Charles Plummeridge,
Grace Seabrook, Harry Hobbs, Mavis Pharo, Valerie Strickland, Georg
Sadowski and Richard Seddon.

**FROM THE BELLTOWER:** Friday, 29 November. **1269 Cambridge Surprise
Minor** 1 Emma Jarvis 2 Jacqueline Barlow 3 Laura Byrne 4 Mark Elvers
5 Philip Jarvis 6 Neil Jones (C)

Remembering David O\'Sullivan, 22/11/2019, R.I.P.
