**SECOND SUNDAY OF EPIPHANY Hymns 56, 55, 276, 57**

**FIRST READING 1 Samuel 3.1-10** Now the boy Samuel was ministering to
the Lord under Eli. The word of the Lord was rare in those days; visions
were not widespread. At that time Eli, whose eyesight had begun to grow
dim so that he could not see, was lying down in his room; the lamp of
God had not yet gone out, and Samuel was lying down in the temple of the
Lord, where the ark of God was. Then the Lord called, 'Samuel! Samuel!'
and he said, 'Here I am!' and ran to Eli, and said, 'Here I am, for you
called me.' But he said, 'I did not call; lie down again.' So he went
and lay down. The Lord called again, 'Samuel!' Samuel got up and went to
Eli, and said, 'Here I am, for you called me.' But he said, 'I did not
call, my son; lie down again.' Now Samuel did not yet know the Lord, and
the word of the Lord had not yet been revealed to him. The Lord called
Samuel again, a third time. And he got up and went to Eli, and said,
'Here I am, for you called me.' Then Eli perceived that the Lord was
calling the boy. Therefore Eli said to Samuel, 'Go, lie down; and if he
calls you, you shall say, "Speak, Lord, for your servant is listening."'
So Samuel went and lay down in his place. Now the Lord came and stood
there, calling as before, 'Samuel! Samuel!' And Samuel said, 'Speak, for
your servant is listening.'

**RESPONSORIAL PSALM 139 *Response: Search me out, O Lord, and know my
heart.***

O LORD, you search me and you know me.

You yourself know my resting and my rising; you discern my thoughts from
afar. ***R***

You mark when I walk or lie down; you know all my ways through and
through.

Before ever a word is on my tongue, you know it, O LORD, through and
through. ***R***

Behind and before, you besiege me, your hand ever laid upon me.

Too wonderful for me, this knowledge; too high, beyond my reach. ***R***

O where can I go from your spirit, or where can I flee from your face?

If I climb the heavens, you are there. If I lie in the grave, you are
there. ***R***

If I take the wings of the dawn or dwell at the sea ºs furthest end,

even there your hand would lead me; your right hand would hold me fast.
***R***

**SECOND READING Revelation 5.1-10** Then I saw in the right hand of the
one seated on the throne a scroll written on the inside and on the back,
sealed with seven seals; and I saw a mighty angel proclaiming with a
loud voice, 'Who is worthy to open the scroll and break its seals?' And
no one in heaven or on earth or under the earth was able to open the
scroll or to look into it. And I began to weep bitterly because no one
was found worthy to open the scroll or to look into it. Then one of the
elders said to me, 'Do not weep. See, the Lion of the tribe of Judah,
the Root of David, has conquered, so that he can open the scroll and its
seven seals.' Then I saw between the throne and the four living
creatures and among the elders a Lamb standing as if it had been
slaughtered, having seven horns and seven eyes, which are the seven
spirits of God sent out into all the earth. He went and took the scroll
from the right hand of the one who was seated on the throne. When he had
taken the scroll, the four living creatures and the twenty-four elders
fell before the Lamb, each holding a harp and golden bowls full of
incense, which are the prayers of the saints. They sing a new song: 'You
are worthy to take the scroll and to open its seals, for you were
slaughtered and by your blood you ransomed for God saints from every
tribe and language and people and nation; you have made them to be a
kingdom and priests serving our God, and they will reign on earth.'

**GOSPEL John 1.43-51** The next day Jesus decided to go to Galilee. He
found Philip and said to him, 'Follow me.' Now Philip was from
Bethsaida, the city of Andrew and Peter. Philip found Nathanael and said
to him, 'We have found him about whom Moses in the law and also the
prophets wrote, Jesus son of Joseph from Nazareth.' Nathanael said to
him, 'Can anything good come out of Nazareth?' Philip said to him, 'Come
and see.' When Jesus saw Nathanael coming towards him, he said of him,
'Here is truly an Israelite in whom there is no deceit!' Nathanael asked
him, 'Where did you come to know me?' Jesus answered, 'I saw you under
the fig tree before Philip called you.' Nathanael replied, 'Rabbi, you
are the Son of God! You are the King of Israel!' Jesus answered, 'Do you
believe because I told you that I saw you under the fig tree? You will
see greater things than these.' And he said to him, 'Very truly, I tell
you, you will see heaven opened and the angels of God ascending and
descending upon the Son of Man.'

