
## Priest-in-Charge Fr John Ainslie ([revjohnainslie@gmail.com](mailto:revjohnainslie@gmail.com); 01628 629827)

**A very warm welcome** to any new readers, and to visitors and
newcomers to St Michael\'s. If you are new to St Michael\'s, do join us
for refreshments in the Vestry Hall after the service so we can welcome
you properly.

**SERVICES THIS COMING WEEK:** Thursday, said Mass for Passiontide
10.30am.

**NEXT SUNDAY IS PALM SUNDAY, THE BEGINNING OF HOLY WEEK.** We gather in
the Parish Hall for our Procession of Palms, beginning at 10.30am.
**NEXT SUNDAY at 5pm: A service of Stations of the Cross.**

**SERVICES FOR HOLY WEEK AND EASTER:** If you don't have these in your
diary already, **do take a leaflet away with you listing all our
services for Holy Week and Easter.**

**ANNUAL PAROCHIAL CHURCH MEETING (APCM) and the Meeting of Parishioners
to elect Churchwardens:**

**These will take place on Sunday 27th April after Mass -- just 3
weeks away.**

**If you would like to seek appointment as a Churchwarden, member of the
PCC, or as one of our representatives on the Deanery Synod** please
complete a nomination form, available at Back of Church or from Eleanor.
Make sure your form is signed by a proposer and seconder, and then pop
the nomination form into the box at Back of Church.

**CHURCH TREASURER:** The work of Church Treasurer is now being done by
a trained book-keeper, Mrs Wendy O'Kill, who has taken on this task from
Lee. For all communications relating to Church Finance, **please use the
new email address <smaafinance@gmail.com>**

**The FUNERAL OF JOHN MERCER** will take place in St Michael's Church on
Wednesday 23rd April at 11am. All who knew John are welcome to attend,
and afterwards for refreshments.

**DIARY DATE:** This year's **SUMMER FETE** will be on **Saturday 5th
July.**

**FOR OUR PRAYERS:** We pray for our faithful keeping of Lent, and for
the work of our Lent Charity 'Mary's Meals'. For those suffering due to
natural disasters, especially those affected by the earthquake in
Myanmar. We continue to pray for peace with justice in Ukraine,
Israel-Gaza, Sudan, and all other places of conflict, and for the people
of Turkey.

**We pray for those in need**, and especially Paul Jones, Glynis
Reynolds, Yvonne Young, Jessica O'Sullivan, Lindsay Wheeler, Martyn
Nash, Fran, Ellie Tomlinson, David Green, Alison Heywood, Norman
Farrington, Olga Danes-Volkov.

**We pray for the recently departed**. We remember those who have
faithfully served God in this Church in previous generations, and we
pray for those whose year's mind occurs this week: Janet O'Sullivan,
Peggy Piers-Jones, Jonathan Locke.

![](/media/smaa-qr.png)**WOULD YOU LIKE TO SUPPORT ST MICHAELS?** You
can make a donation towards the work and worship of St Michael's Church -
**simply scan the QR code shown.**

Or go to:
[parishgiving.org.uk](http://www.parishgiving.org.uk/donors/find-your-parish/maidstone-st-michael-and-aa-maidstone/)
where you can also arrange a regular donation by direct debit if you
wish. *Thank You.*
