Hymns NEH 234, 451, 276, 272

**St Michael and All Angels -- a Parish under the Patronage of Our Lady
of Walsingham**

# COLLECT

Almighty God, in Christ you make all things new: transform
the poverty of our nature by the riches of your grace, and in the
renewal of our lives make known your heavenly glory; through Jesus
Christ your Son our Lord, who is alive and reigns with you, in the unity
of the Holy Spirit, one God, now and for ever. Amen.

# FIRST READING (Isaiah 62: 1-5)

## A reading from the prophet Isaiah.

For Zion's sake I will not keep silent, and for Jerusalem's sake I will
not rest, until her vindication shines out like the dawn, and her
salvation like a burning torch. The nations shall see your vindication,
and all the kings your glory; and you shall be called by a new name that
the mouth of the Lord will give. You shall be a crown of beauty in the
hand of the Lord, and a royal diadem in the hand of your God.

You shall no more be termed 'Forsaken', and your land shall no more be
termed 'Desolate'; but you shall be called 'My Delight Is in Her', and
your land 'Married'; for the Lord delights in you, and your land shall
be married.

For as a young man marries a young woman, so shall your builder marry
you, and as the bridegroom rejoices over the bride, so shall your God
rejoice over you.

# RESPONSORIAL PSALM (From Ps 36)

## Response: Your steadfast love, O Lord, extends to the heavens.

1\. Your steadfast love, O Lord, extends to the heavens,\
your faithfulness to the clouds.\
All people take refuge in the shadow of your wings.\
your judgements are like the great deep. ***R.***

2\. How precious is your steadfast love, O God!\
They feast on the abundance of your house,\
your righteousness is like the mighty mountains,\
and you give them drink from the river of your delights. ***R.***

3\. For with you is the fountain of life,\
and in your light we see light.\
O continue your steadfast love to those who know you,\
and your salvation to the upright of heart! ***R.***

# SECOND READING (1 Cor. 12: 1-11)

## A reading from the first letter of Paul to the Corinthians.

Now concerning spiritual gifts, brothers and sisters, I do not want you
to be uninformed. You know that when you were pagans, you were enticed
and led astray to idols that could not speak. Therefore I want you to
understand that no one speaking by the Spirit of God ever says 'Let
Jesus be cursed!' and no one can say 'Jesus is Lord' except by the Holy
Spirit.

Now there are varieties of gifts, but the same Spirit; and there are
varieties of services, but the same Lord; and there are varieties of
activities, but it is the same God who activates all of them in
everyone. To each is given the manifestation of the Spirit for the
common good. To one is given through the Spirit the utterance of wisdom,
and to another the utterance of knowledge according to the same
Spirit, to another faith by the same Spirit, to another gifts of healing
by the one Spirit, to another the working of miracles, to another
prophecy, to another the discernment of spirits, to another various
kinds of tongues, to another the interpretation of tongues. All these
are activated by one and the same Spirit, who allots to each one
individually just as the Spirit chooses.

# HOLY GOSPEL (John 2: 1-11)

On the third day there was a wedding in Cana of Galilee, and the mother
of Jesus was there. Jesus and his disciples had also been invited to the
wedding. When the wine gave out, the mother of Jesus said to him, 'They
have no wine.' And Jesus said to her, 'Woman, what concern is that to
you and to me? My hour has not yet come.' 

His mother said to the servants, 'Do whatever he tells you.' Now
standing there were six stone water-jars for the Jewish rites of
purification, each holding twenty or thirty gallons. Jesus said to them,
'Fill the jars with water.' And they filled them up to the brim. He said
to them, 'Now draw some out, and take it to the chief steward.' So they
took it. When the steward tasted the water that had become wine, and did
not know where it came from (though the servants who had drawn the water
knew), the steward called the bridegroom and said to him, 'Everyone
serves the good wine first, and then the inferior wine after the guests
have become drunk. But you have kept the good wine until now.' 

Jesus did this, the first of his signs, in Cana of Galilee, and revealed
his glory; and his disciples believed in him.

