
## Priest-in-Charge Fr John Ainslie ([revjohnainslie@gmail.com](mailto:revjohnainslie@gmail.com); 01628 629827)

**A very warm welcome** to any new readers, and to visitors and
newcomers to St Michael\'s. If you are new to St Michael\'s, do join us
for refreshments in the Vestry Hall after the service so we can welcome
you properly.

**PRAYER REQUEST SLIPS** are available at the back of church if you want
to request prayer for yourself, for someone else or for a particular
situation.

**THIS AFTERNOON** we welcome Arlie Christopher Harris, his parents,
Godparents, family and friends for his Holy Baptism at 3pm.

**SERVICES THIS WEEK:** Thursday - Mass at 10.30am. Next Sunday Sung
Mass at 10.30am. All services followed by tea, coffee and refreshments.

**SATURDAY 25th JANUARY** is the Feast of the Conversion of St Paul, a
day when we particularly remember St Paul's mission to the Gentiles, and
we pray for Christian Unity.

**CAN YOU HELP US?** We are looking to form a small group of 4 or 5
people to work with our Churchwarden Jonathan on the necessary routine
maintenance work around our church building and the two halls -- using a
combination of our own skills and instructing local tradesmen. If you
may be able to help with this I would be delighted to hear from you !

There are still some **Planned Giving** **ENVELOPES** for 2025 ready for
collection at the back of church. If you don't already, but would like
to regularly to our Church through the envelope scheme or by bank
standing order **don't hesitate to talk to me about how to do this**.
Giving regularly helps the PCC with our financial planning, and it may
also help you to plan your giving.

**THE CONSECRATION OF THE NEXT BISHOP OF RICHBOROUGH**, Fr Luke
Irvine-Capel SSC, will take place in Canterbury Cathedral on Thursday
27th February at 2.30pm. We hope to arrange for a party from St
Michael's to travel to Canterbury for that -- details to follow but
please **note the date now**.

**FOR OUR PRAYERS:** We pray for Arlie Christopher Harris, his parents
and Godparents on the occasion of his Baptism. We pray particularly at
this time the work of Christian Unity -- that all faithful Christians
would be of one heart and mind as we seek to worship and serve God,
Father, Son and Holy Spirit. As we receive the news of record emissions
of carbon dioxide in 2024, and that global temperature rise will not now
be contained to within the 1.5 deg C limit unless very dramatic action
is taken, we pray for a renewed drive towards international agreements
to protect the future of the planet and its inhabitants -- including our
own children and grandchildren. We pray for the future of Gaza, and of
Ukraine.

**We pray for those in need**, and especially Paul Jones, Glynis
Reynolds, Yvonne Young, Jessica O'Sullivan, Lindsay Wheeler, Martyn
Nash, Fran, Ellie Tomlinson, Sara Dray, Robert Hill, Michael, Beryl
Haigh, David Green and Alison Heywood.

**We pray for the recently departed**. We remember those who have
faithfully served God in this Church in previous generations, and we
pray for those whose year's mind occurs this week: Stephen Barker
(Priest), Peggy Mitchell, Patricia Payne.

**FROM THE BELLTOWER:** Sunday, 12 January **1272 Norwich Surprise Minor**
1 Pam Thomas 2 Mark Elvers 3 Janice Byrne 4 Stephen Coaker 5 Adam Brady
6 Neil Jones (C)

Rung on the Feast of the Baptism of Christ.\
Remembering Ann Rust (10/1/22) and Norman Rust (18/1/20), R.I.P.
