
## Priest-in-Charge Fr John Ainslie ([revjohnainslie@gmail.com](mailto:revjohnainslie@gmail.com); 01628 629827)

**A very warm welcome** to any new readers, and to visitors and
newcomers to St Michael\'s. If you are new to St Michael\'s, do join us
for refreshments in the Vestry Hall after the service so we can welcome
you properly.

**SERVICES THIS WEEK:** Thursday - Mass at 10.30am. Next Sunday Sung
Mass at 10.

**NEW CHURCH ELECTORAL ROLL:** We are preparing a completely new
Electoral Roll for St Michael's Church. **Even if you are currently on
the Roll you will need to apply again to be included on the new
Electoral Roll.** If you are not already on the Roll of this Church,
this is an opportunity for you to join and show your support for St
Michaels Church in this way.

To be eligible for the St Michael's Electoral Roll, you need to have
been baptised, be aged 16 or over, and to either reside in the parish of
St Michaels or (if not) to have habitually attended worship here for at
least six months.

**Application Forms are available at the Back of Church for you to
complete and return to myself -- Fr John**. **Please complete and return
your form asap and certainly before 30th March**.

**CONSECRATION of Fr Luke as the new Bishop of Richborough** at
Canterbury Cathedral on Thursday 27th February at 2.30pm. **Entry is
by ticket only**: **If you wish to attend, please see me and I can give
you a printed entry ticket** which will get you into the service, and
which has all the details you need.

**On SUNDAY 1st JUNE Bishop Luke (as he will then be) is coming to St
Michael's to Celebrate a Confirmation Mass for us at 10.30am. We have 3
adult candidates wishing to be Confirmed. This will be a very special
occasion, and we are very fortunate that our new Bishop wishes to come
to St Michael's so early in his Episcopal ministry among us. Do plan to
support this special occasion in the life of St Michaels.**

**ST MICHAEL'S PARISH PILGRIMAGE TO WALSINGHAM** **Tuesday 27th May --
Friday 30th May**. I hope as many of you as possible will want to join
this trip away to the Shrine of Our Lady in Norfolk, a truly wonderful
opportunity for traditional worship and happy fellowship in a place of
great peace and holiness. We have reserved places on a full board basis
-- the total cost for the stay at Walsingham is £273 (children £163.80).
**We don't want anyone to be put off on the grounds of cost, and we have
a number of Bursaries available to offset part or all of the cost for
anyone who needs that assistance.**

**There are forms at Back of Church -- please complete one and return to
me (Fr John) along with your non-refundable deposit of £40.**

If you haven't been on pilgrimage to Walsingham before and are
interested, talk to someone who has -- myself, Eleanor, Fr Paul, Ralph,
Mike and Mary Trout, Margaret Smith... There is also information about
Walsingham at the Back of Church, or look online at
[www.walsinghamanglican.org.uk](http://www.walsinghamanglican.org.uk)

**FOR OUR PRAYERS:** We pray for Fr Luke as he prepares to be
consecrated Bishop. We pray for our Lay Church Officers -- Churchwarden
Jonathan, PCC Secretary and Lay Reader Eleanor, and Treasurer Lee, for
their well-being and for wisdom in carrying out their duties. We give
thanks for their work on our behalf, and for the support they offer to
Priest and people alike.

**We pray for those in need**, and especially Paul Jones, Glynis
Reynolds, Yvonne Young, Jessica O'Sullivan, Lindsay Wheeler, Martyn
Nash, Fran, Ellie Tomlinson, David Green, Alison Heywood, Norman
Farrington, Olga Danes-Volkov.

**We pray for the recently departed**. We remember those who have
faithfully served God in this Church in previous generations, and we
pray for those whose year's mind occurs this week: William Norman
Bryson, Vera Clements, Doris Mason, Alice Roberts, Ken Gibbons, Barbara
Sage, Gwen Vanstone. May they rest in peace, and rise in glory.

**FROM THE BELLTOWER:** 9 February. **1260** **Stedman Triples** 1
Michael A Birkbeck 2 Stuart Cox 3 Jacqueline M Barlow 4 Emma Jarvis 5
Jane L Kostelnyk 6 Mark Elvers 7 Philip Jarvis (C) 8 Pam Thomas
