
## Priest-in-Charge Fr John Ainslie ([revjohnainslie@gmail.com](mailto:revjohnainslie@gmail.com); 01628 629827)

**A very warm welcome** to any new readers, and to visitors and
newcomers to St Michael\'s. If you are new to St Michael\'s, do join us
for refreshments in the Vestry Hall after the service so we can welcome
you properly.

**SERVICES THIS COMING WEEK:** Thursday, said Mass in Lent 10.30am. Next
Sunday Sung Mass 10.30am. for Mothering Sunday.

**OUR LENT CHARITY -- MARY'S MEALS**

Mary's Meals is a charity based in the Roman Catholic Church which
provides meals for children in school in the very poorest countries. In
this way they provide sustenance for children who otherwise would go
hungry, but in a way that also encourages children to attend school and
get an education which might lift them and their families out of
poverty.

**Lent Boxes and 'Tea Cups' are available to take away at Back of
Church**

**Do please take one home if you wish, and use it for your loose change
and regular donations throughout Lent. Bring it back full on Maundy
Thursday !!**

**A VERY BIG THANK-YOU to all who helped organise and prepare our Lent
Lunch last Sunday, and to all who came -- we raised Â£152 for 'Mary's
Meals.'**

**NEW CHURCH ELECTORAL ROLL:** The Electoral Roll closes this week -- if
you wish to be on our Church Electoral Roll, make sure you post your
completed form into the box at back of church before the end of this
week.

**THE FEAST OF THE ANNUNCIATION** falls on Tuesday of this week, when we
remember the momentous decision of Mary to accept God's call to be the
mother of Our Lord Jesus Christ. On this day we pray for our own sense
of vocation, that we would listen for God's call and be given the grace
to respond with joy and trust.

**FOR OUR PRAYERS:** We pray for the work of our Lent Charity 'Mary's
Meals', and for all who help provide food, healthcare and education in
poor and war-torn countries of the world. We pray that we and the whole
church would come closer to God in this season of Lent, and we pray for
Bishop Luke and all the clergy and parishes in his care. We continue to
pray for peace with justice in Ukraine, the Middle East, Sudan, and all
other places of conflict.

**We pray for those in need**, and especially Paul Jones, Glynis
Reynolds, Yvonne Young, Jessica O'Sullivan, Lindsay Wheeler, Martyn
Nash, Fran, Ellie Tomlinson, David Green, Alison Heywood, Norman
Farrington, Olga Danes-Volkov, Pope Francis.

**We pray for the recently departed**. We remember those who have
faithfully served God in this Church in previous generations, and we
pray for those whose year's mind occurs this week: Fred Harte (Pr), Bert
Osborne, Clementina Brown, Joy Littlewood, Peter Milton, Janet Hilda
Carden.

**FROM THE BELLTOWER:**

Sunday, 16 March **1280 Cambridge Surprise Major**

1 Emma Jarvis\
2 Stuart Cox\
3 Jacqueline M Barlow\
4 Jane L Kostelnyk\
5 Chris M Trafford\
6 Paul A Barton\
7 Michael A Birkbeck\
8 Philip Jarvis (C)

Birthday Compliments to Ann Jenner, Rona Joiner and Shona Clark (50th).
