
## Priest-in-Charge Fr John Ainslie ([revjohnainslie@gmail.com](mailto:revjohnainslie@gmail.com); 01628 629827)

**A very warm welcome** to any new readers, and to visitors and
newcomers to St Michael\'s. If you are new to St Michael\'s, do join us
for refreshments in the Vestry Hall after the service so we can welcome
you properly.

**SERVICES THIS WEEK:** **ASH WEDNESDAY SUNG MASS 7.30pm;** Thursday,
said Mass in Lent 10.30am.

**THIS FRIDAY 7TH MARCH:** World Day of Prayer Service 2pm St Nicholas
Allington, arranged by the Mothers Union.

**NEXT SUNDAY:** First Sunday of Lent Sung Mass 10.30am followed by
refreshments.

**LENT begins on Ash Wednesday this week. Sung Mass 7.30pm with
Imposition of Ashes.**

**The LENT LUNCH will be on SUNDAY 16TH MARCH** with Donations for our
Lent Charity -- Mary's Meals.

**Our LENT CHARITY** this year is **MARY'S MEALS** which feeds hungry
children at schools in the world's poorest countries -- providing
nutrition and an incentive to attend school.
[www.marysmeals.org.uk](http://www.marysmeals.org.uk)

**NEW CHURCH ELECTORAL ROLL:** If you haven't done this already, please
complete an electoral Roll Form at Back of Church and pop it into the
box provided. **If you know a member of St Michael's who is not able to
come to Mass due to illness, please deliver a Form to them and offer to
bring back their completed form for them.**

**ST MICHAEL'S PARISH PILGRIMAGE TO WALSINGHAM** **Tuesday 27th May --
Friday 30th May**. Forms are available at Back of Church for you to
complete if you wish to join us on pilgrimage to Walsingham. Please
return completed forms to me (Fr John) with your deposit of £40. If you
haven't been on pilgrimage to Walsingham before and are interested, talk
to someone who has -- myself, Eleanor, Fr Paul, Ralph, Mike and Mary
Trout, Margaret Smith.

I hope as many of you as possible will want to join this pilgrimage to
the England's National Shrine of Our Lady in Norfolk -- a time of rest,
recreation, joy, fellowship and wonderful worship in a place of peace
and holiness. We have reserved places on a full board basis -- the total
cost for the stay at Walsingham is £273 (children £163.80). **We don't
want anyone to be put off on the grounds of cost, and we have a number
of Bursaries available to offset part or all of the cost for anyone who
needs that assistance. If that may be you, don't hesitate to have a chat
with me.**

**REVD BRIAN REED.** Some of you will have known Brian; we have been
informed of an informal gathering to share memories and reminiscences
and give thanks for his life at St Andrew's Church Hall on Monday 17th
March 10.30am-2pm. Everyone who knew Brian is kindly invited, light
refreshments will be served.

**FOR OUR PRAYERS:** We pray for Fr Luke as he begins his Episcopal
Ministry among us and the other Society Parishes and Priests in the See
of Richborough. We pray for Millen, Zoe and Andy as they are Baptised
this Sunday and experience the Grace and Blessing of receiving Holy
Communion for the first time.

**We pray for those in need**, and especially Paul Jones, Glynis
Reynolds, Yvonne Young, Jessica O'Sullivan, Lindsay Wheeler, Martyn
Nash, Fran, Ellie Tomlinson, David Green, Alison Heywood, Norman
Farrington, Olga Danes-Volkov, Pope Francis.

**We pray for the recently departed, especially John Mercer of our
congregation**. We remember those who have faithfully served God in this
Church in previous generations, and we pray for those whose year's mind
occurs this week: Peter Blagdon-Gablen (Pr), Gladys Shrubsole. May they
rest in peace and rise in glory.

**FROM THE BELLTOWER:** Friday 21 February. **1320 Beverley Surprise Minor**

1 Jacqueline M Barlow 2 Rupert Cheeseman 3 Emma Jarvis 4 Mark Elvers 5 Pam Thomas 6 Philip Jarvis (C)

60th Birthday Compliments to Sue Cameron 10/02/25 and Steve Newlands 17/02/25

Sunday 23 February. **1287 Grandsire Triples**

1 Stuart Cox 2 Graham Heath 3 Jacqueline Barlow 4 Emma Jarvis 5 Christopher M Trafford 6 Mark Elvers 7 Neil Jones (C) 8 Philip Jarvis

Remembering David Levick, 24/2/21, R.I.P.
