
## Priest-in-Charge Fr John Ainslie ([revjohnainslie@gmail.com](mailto:revjohnainslie@gmail.com); 01628 629827)

**A very warm welcome** to any new readers, and to visitors and
newcomers to St Michael\'s. If you are new to St Michael\'s, do join us
for refreshments in the Vestry Hall after the service so we can welcome
you properly.

**SERVICES THIS WEEK:** **No Mass on Thursday this week -- Consecration
of Fr Luke as Bishop of Richborough at Canterbury Cathedral.** Saturday
1st March: Mass of Our Lady 10.30am. Next Sunday: Sung Mass 10.30am
with Holy Baptism of Zoe, Millen and Andy.

**NEW CHURCH ELECTORAL ROLL:** If you haven't already, please complete
an electoral Roll Form at Back of Church and pop it into the box
provided.

**CONSECRATION SERVICE FOR Fr LUKE:** For those not able to be there,
Thursday's service (2.30pm) will be available live and afterwards at
[www.youtube.com/\@CanterburyCathedralOfficial](http://www.youtube.com/@CanterburyCathedralOfficial)
or via the Cathedral website.

**ST MICHAEL'S PARISH PILGRIMAGE TO WALSINGHAM** **Tuesday 27th May --
Friday 30th May**. Forms are available at Back of Church for you to
complete if you wish to join us on pilgrimage to Walsingham. Please
return completed forms to me (Fr John) with your deposit of £40. If you
haven't been on pilgrimage to Walsingham before and are interested, talk
to someone who has -- myself, Eleanor, Fr Paul, Ralph, Mike and Mary
Trout, Margaret Smith.

I hope as many of you as possible will want to join this pilgrimage to
the English National Shrine of Our Lady in Norfolk -- a time of rest,
recreation, joy, fellowship and wonderful worship in a place of peace
and holiness. We have reserved places on a full board basis -- the total
cost for the stay at Walsingham is £273 (children £163.80). **We don't
want anyone to be put off on the grounds of cost, and we have a number
of Bursaries available to offset part or all of the cost for anyone who
needs that assistance. If that may be you, don't hesitate to have a chat
with me.**

**REVD BRIAN REED.** Some of you will have known Brian; we have been
informed of an informal gathering to share memories and reminiscences
and give thanks for his life at St Andrew's Church Hall on Monday 17th
March 10.30am-2pm. Everyone who knew Brian is kindly invited, light
refreshments will be served.

**FOR OUR PRAYERS:** We pray for Fr Luke as he is Consecrated Bishop of
Richborough on Thursday. We pray for the leaders of the nations at this
time of uncertainty and realignment; we pray for the people of Ukraine,
especially those who watch from afar in the hope of being able to return
to their homeland; we pray for the efforts towards peace in the Middle
East and the safe return of hostages. For the humanitarian crisis in the
Democratic Republic of Congo, and for a cessation of war and violence
there.

**We pray for those in need**, and especially Paul Jones, Glynis
Reynolds, Yvonne Young, Jessica O'Sullivan, Lindsay Wheeler, Martyn
Nash, Fran, Ellie Tomlinson, David Green, Alison Heywood, Norman
Farrington, Olga Danes-Volkov, Pope Francis and John Mercer.

**We pray for the recently departed**. We remember those who have
faithfully served God in this Church in previous generations, and we
pray for those whose year's mind occurs this week: Molly Pope, Brian
Johnson, Brian Landi, Pat Ormerod. May they rest in peace and rise in
glory.
