
## Priest-in-Charge Fr John Ainslie ([revjohnainslie@gmail.com](mailto:revjohnainslie@gmail.com); 01628 629827)

**A very warm welcome** to any new readers, and to visitors and
newcomers to St Michael\'s. If you are new to St Michael\'s, do join us
for refreshments in the Vestry Hall after the service so we can welcome
you properly.

**SERVICES THIS WEEK:** Thursday - Mass at 10.30am. Next Sunday Sung
Mass at 10.30am. All services followed by tea, coffee and refreshments.

**THIS WEEK** the Church remembers St Hilary, 4th Century Bishop of
Poitiers (Monday), the 4th Century hermit Antony of Egypt (Friday) and
also on Friday, Charles Gore. Charles Gore was an Oxford Movement
Priest, Bishop and theologian. Educated at Harrow and Trinity Oxford,
Vice Principal of Cuddesdon Theological College, appointed Principle of
Pusey House Oxford in 1884, and Bishop successively of Worcester,
Birmingham and Oxford. Whilst at Pusey House he founded what became the
Community of the Resurrection, and was determined that it should be a
force for social action, The Community settled at Mirfield in Yorkshire
and established a college for the training of men for the Priesthood. In
1903 a mission house was established in Johannesburg in S Africa, where
CR member Trevor Huddleston campaigned against apartheid.

**THANK YOU** to everyone who contributed last week to our Epiphany
collection of food for Maidstone Homeless Care. Our goods were received
with grateful thanks by the staff there.

**Planned Giving ENVELOPES** for 2025 are now available at Back of
Church. If you don't already, but would like to regularly to our Church
through the envelope scheme or by bank standing order **don't hesitate
to talk to me about how to do this**. Giving regularly helps the PCC
with our financial planning, and it may also help you to plan your
giving.

**THE NEXT BISHOP OF RICHBOROUGH.** It has been announced that the next
Bishop of Richborough, Fr Luke Irvine-Capel SSC (currently the
Archdeacon of Chichester), will be Consecrated in Canterbury Cathedral
on Thursday 27th February at 2.30pm. We hope to arrange for a party
from St Michael's to travel to Canterbury for that -- details to follow
but please **note the date now**. For those who like to attend the
Chrism Mass in Holy Week -- and all are welcome at that -- this will
take place in Rochester Cathedral on April 15th at 12 noon.

**THE PCC** meets this Thursday 16th at 7.30pm.

**FOR OUR PRAYERS:** We pray for our PCC meeting on Thursday, and for
responsible leadership of our church in matters of finance, buildings,
safeguarding and supporting the pastoral and liturgical work of the
parish. We continue to pray for peace, including the Sudan, Ukraine and
across the Holy Land and the Middle East. We pray for Fr Luke as he
prepares to take up his responsibilities as Bishop of Richborough, and
for President-elect Trump and the people of the USA.

**We pray for those in need**, and especially Paul Jones, Glynis
Reynolds, Yvonne Young, Jessica O'Sullivan, Lindsay Wheeler, Martyn
Nash, Fran, Ellie Tomlinson, Sara Dray, Robert Hill, Michael, Beryl
Haigh, David Green and Alison Heywood.

**We pray for the recently departed**. We remember those who have
faithfully served God in this Church in previous generations, and we
pray for those whose year's mind occurs this week: Leslie Lott, Joyce
Barber, Joyce Payne, Louise Wollen, Ivy Parry, Stan Penney, Lily
Chandler, Hazel Warriner, Maureen Tresnan, Norman Rust.

**FROM THE BELLTOWER:** Friday, 3 January **1272 Spliced Surprise Minor**
1 Neil Jones 2 Jacqueline Barlow 3 Jane L Kostelnyk 4 Philip Jarvis 5
Stephen Coaker (C) 6 Pam Thomas

Remembering Valerie Stickland, 30/12/24, R.I.P.

Sunday, 5 January **1280 Spliced Surprise Major** 1 Mike Birkbeck 2 Stuart
Cox 3 Jacqueline Barlow 4 Philip Jarvis 5 Jane L Kostelnyk 6 Lucy Harvey
7 Paul Barton 8 Neil Jones (C)

Rung for the Feast of the Epiphany.\
Remembering Joy Neal (mother of the ringer of the 3rd), 5/1/99, R.I.P.
