
## Priest-in-Charge Fr John Ainslie ([revjohnainslie@gmail.com](mailto:revjohnainslie@gmail.com); 01628 629827)

**A very warm welcome** to any new readers, and to visitors and
newcomers to St Michael\'s. If you are new to St Michael\'s, do join us
for refreshments in the Vestry Hall after the service so we can welcome
you properly.

**SERVICES THIS WEEK:** Thursday - Mass at 10.30am. Next Sunday Sung
Mass at 10.30am. All services followed by tea, coffee and refreshments.

**THERE IS A LIST AT BACK OF CHURCH FOR THOSE WISHING TO ATTEND THE
CONSECRATION OF THE NEXT BISHOP OF RICHBOROUGH** in Canterbury Cathedral
on Thursday 27th February at 2.30pm. Admittance by ticket only. **If
you add your name to the list, I will register you and give you your
ticket for admittance.** If you don't add your name to the list, you
will need to register online yourself.

**SPECIAL DATE:** Fr Luke -- or the new Bishop of Richborough (as he will
then be) is coming to St Michael's on Sunday 1st June to Celebrate a
Confirmation Mass for us at 10.30am. We have 3 adult candidates wishing
to be Confirmed. This will be a very special occasion, and we are very
fortunate that our new Bishop wishes to come to St Michael's so early in
his Episcopal ministry among us. I'm sure as many of you as possible
will want to be at that service to welcome him, and to support the
Confirmation Candidates - who all come from our own congregation. Do
please put the Sunday 1st June date in your diary, and do support this
special occasion in the life of St Michaels.

I met Fr Luke in person at a Mass and lunch at Sevenoaks on Thursday. I
found him to be a very warm, engaging and supportive Priest, and I'm
sure we all look forward to his leadership among us.

**Advance Notice:** World Day of Prayer Service (formerly Women's World
Day of Prayer) Friday 7th March 2pm St Nicholas Allington

**Upcoming Events at Blackthorn Trust, St Andrew's Road:** Card making
workshop 21st Feb, Intro to Healthy Eating 28th Feb, Jewellery
making workshop 14th March. See the poster at back of church.

**FOR OUR PRAYERS:** We pray for Fr Luke as he prepares to be
consecrated Bishop of Richborough. We pray for Zoe, Millen and Andy from
our congregation as they prepare for Adult Baptism and Confirmation.

**We pray for those in need**, and especially Paul Jones, Glynis
Reynolds, Yvonne Young, Jessica O'Sullivan, Lindsay Wheeler, Martyn
Nash, Fran, Ellie Tomlinson, David Green, Alison Heywood, Norman
Farrington, Olga Danes-Volkov.

**We pray for the recently departed, and among them Ina Eileen Wood,
Brian Reed (Priest), Michael Lee, CÃ©line Poitout**. We remember those
who have faithfully served God in this Church in previous generations,
and we pray for those whose year's mind occurs this week: John
Middleton, Emlyn Williams, Harold Holwell, Molly Mitchell, Lionel
Mitchell, Stephen Best-Shaw, Doris Aust.

**FROM THE BELLTOWER:** Sunday, 26 January. 1280 Yorkshire Surprise Major

1 Philip Jarvis 2 Stuart Cox 3 Jacqueline Barlow 4 Svetlana Sokolova 5 Lucy Harvey 6 Mark Elvers 7 Daniel Jarvis 8 Neil Jones (C)
