
## Priest-in-Charge Fr John Ainslie ([revjohnainslie@gmail.com](mailto:revjohnainslie@gmail.com); 01628 629827)

**A very warm welcome** to any new readers, and to visitors and
newcomers to St Michael\'s. If you are new to St Michael\'s, do join us
for refreshments in the Vestry Hall after the service so we can welcome
you properly

**SERVICES THIS WEEK:** Thursday - Mass at 10.30am. Next Sunday Sung
Mass at 10.30am for the Feast of the Presentation (Candlemas). All
services followed by tea, coffee and refreshments.

**NEXT SATURDAY:** Monthly Mass of Our Lady, 10.30am.

**CAN YOU HELP US?** We are looking to form a small group of 4 or 5
people to work with our Churchwarden Jonathan on the necessary routine
maintenance work around our church building and the two halls -- using a
combination of our own skills and instructing local tradesmen. If you
may be able to help with this I or Jonathan would be delighted to hear
from you.

**THERE IS A LIST AT BACK OF CHURCH FOR THOSE WISHING TO ATTEND THE
CONSECRATION OF THE NEXT BISHOP OF RICHBOROUGH** in Canterbury Cathedral
on Thursday 27th February at 2.30pm. More details to follow, but we
expect to have to book places. **PLEASE ADD YOUR NAME IF YOU WANT TO
ATTEND** what will be a most thrilling and uplifting event.

**FOR OUR PRAYERS:** We pray for Fr Luke as he prepares to be
consecrated Bishop of Richborough. We pray for those from our church
preparing for Adult Baptism and Confirmation. We pray for our church
Officers - Churchwarden Jonathan, PCC Secretary Eleanor and PCC
Treasurer Lee. For those whose task it is to keep men, women and
children safe from acts of violence and terrorism, and our young people
protected from evil influences.

**We pray for those in need**, and especially Paul Jones, Glynis
Reynolds, Yvonne Young, Jessica O'Sullivan, Lindsay Wheeler, Martyn
Nash, Fran, Ellie Tomlinson, Sara Dray, Robert Hill, Michael, Beryl
Haigh, David Green and Alison Heywood.

**We pray for the recently departed, and among them Ina Eileen Wood**.
We remember those who have faithfully served God in this Church in
previous generations, and we pray for those whose year's mind occurs
this week: Mary Baldock, Richard Onions, Irene Goulding, John Ardley
(Priest).

**FROM THE BELLTOWER:** Friday, 24 January **1272 Surprise Minor** (2m)
720 Cambridge, 552 Norwich 1 Pam Thomas 2 Jacqueline Barlow 3 Philip
Jarvis 4 Mark Elvers 5 Stephen Coaker 6 Neil Jones (C)
