Hymns NEH 55, 415, 138, 388

**St Michael and All Angels -- a Parish under the Patronage of Our Lady
of Walsingham**

# COLLECT

Almighty God, whose Son revealed in signs and miracles the
wonder of your saving presence:

renew your people with your heavenly grace, and in all our weakness
sustain us by your mighty power;

through Jesus Christ your Son our Lord, who is alive and reigns with
you, in the unity of the Holy Spirit, one God, now and for ever. Amen.

# FIRST READING (Nehemiah 8: 1-3, 5-6, 8-10)

## A reading from the prophet Nehemiah.

All the people gathered together into the square before the Water Gate.
They told the scribe Ezra to bring the book of the law of Moses, which
the Lord had given to Israel. Accordingly, the priest Ezra brought the
law before the assembly, both men and women and all who could hear with
understanding. This was on the first day of the seventh month. He read
from it facing the square before the Water Gate from early morning until
midday, in the presence of the men and the women and those who could
understand; and the ears of all the people were attentive to the book of
the law. And Ezra opened the book in the sight of all the people, for he
was standing above all the people; and when he opened it, all the people
stood up. Then Ezra blessed the Lord, the great God, and all the people
answered, 'Amen, Amen', lifting up their hands. Then they bowed their
heads and worshipped the Lord with their faces to the ground. So they
read from the book, from the law of God, with interpretation. They gave
the sense, so that the people understood the reading.

And Nehemiah, who was the governor, and Ezra the priest and scribe, and
the Levites who taught the people said to all the people, 'This day is
holy to the Lord your God; do not mourn or weep.' For all the people
wept when they heard the words of the law. Then he said to them, 'Go
your way, eat the fat and drink sweet wine and send portions of them to
those for whom nothing is prepared, for this day is holy to our Lord;
and do not be grieved, for the joy of the Lord is your strength.'

# RESPONSORIAL PSALM (From Ps 19)

## Response: Your words, O lord, are spirit and life.

1\. The law of the Lord is perfect,\
It revives the soul. They gladden the heart.\
The commands of the Lord are clear;\
they give light to the eyes.  ***R.***

2\. The precepts of the Lord are right,\
The decrees of the Lord are steadfast;\
they give wisdom to the simple. ***R.***

3\. The fear of the Lord is pure,\
abiding for ever. even much fine gold.\
By them is your servant taught,\
and in keeping them, there is great reward ***R.***

4\. More to be desired are they than gold,\
The judgements of the Lord are true;\
they are, all of them, right and just. ***R.***

# SECOND READING (1 Cor. 12: 12-31)

## A reading from the first letter of Paul to the Corinthians.

Just as the body is one and has many members, and all the members of the
body, though many, are one body, so it is with Christ. For in the one
Spirit we were all baptized into one body---Jews or Greeks, slaves or
free---and we were all made to drink of one Spirit.

Indeed, the body does not consist of one member but of many. If the foot
were to say, 'Because I am not a hand, I do not belong to the body',
that would not make it any less a part of the body. And if the ear were
to say, 'Because I am not an eye, I do not belong to the body', that
would not make it any less a part of the body. If the whole body were an
eye, where would the hearing be? If the whole body were hearing, where
would the sense of smell be? But as it is, God arranged the members in
the body, each one of them, as he chose. If all were a single member,
where would the body be? As it is, there are many members, yet one
body. The eye cannot say to the hand, 'I have no need of you', nor again
the head to the feet, 'I have no need of you.' On the contrary, the
members of the body that seem to be weaker are indispensable, and those
members of the body that we think less honourable we clothe with greater
honour, and our less respectable members are treated with greater
respect; whereas our more respectable members do not need this. But God
has so arranged the body, giving the greater honour to the inferior
member, that there may be no dissension within the body, but the members
may have the same care for one another. If one member suffers, all
suffer together with it; if one member is honoured, all rejoice together
with it.

Now you are the body of Christ and individually members of it. 

God has appointed in the church first apostles, second prophets, third
teachers; then deeds of power, then gifts of healing, forms of
assistance, forms of leadership, various kinds of tongues. Are all
apostles? Are all prophets? Are all teachers? Do all work miracles? Do
all possess gifts of healing? Do all speak in tongues? Do all interpret?

# HOLY GOSPEL (Luke 4: 14-21)

Jesus, filled with the power of the Spirit, returned to Galilee, and a
report about him spread through all the surrounding country. He began to
teach in their synagogues and was praised by everyone.

When he came to Nazareth, where he had been brought up, he went to the
synagogue on the sabbath day, as was his custom. He stood up to
read, and the scroll of the prophet Isaiah was given to him. He unrolled
the scroll and found the place where it was written:

'The Spirit of the Lord is upon me, because he has anointed me to bring
good news to the poor. He has sent me to proclaim release to the
captives and recovery of sight to the blind, to let the oppressed go
free, to proclaim the year of the Lord's favour.'

And he rolled up the scroll, gave it back to the attendant, and sat
down. The eyes of all in the synagogue were fixed on him. Then he began
to say to them, 'Today this scripture has been fulfilled in your
hearing.'

