Hymns NEH 105, 427, 457, 120

# COLLECT

Almighty God, whose Son Jesus Christ is the resurrection and the life: raise us, who trust in him, from the death of sin to the life of righteousness, that we may seek those things which are above, where he reigns with you in the unity of the Holy Spirit, one God, now and for ever. Amen.

# FIRST READING (Acts 2: 42-end)

## A reading from the Acts of the Apostles.

Those who welcomed the message of Peter on the Day of Pentecost were baptized, and that day about three thousand persons were added. Those who were baptised devoted themselves to the apostles’ teaching and fellowship, to the breaking of bread and the prayers. Awe came upon everyone, because many wonders and signs were being done by the apostles. All who believed were together and had all things in common; they would sell their possessions and goods and distribute the proceeds to all, as any had need. Day by day, as they spent much time together in the temple, they broke bread at home and ate their food with glad and generous hearts, praising God and having the goodwill of all the people. And day by day the Lord added to their number those who were being saved.

# SECOND READING (1 Peter 2: 19-end)

## A reading from the First Letter of Peter.

It is to your credit if, being aware of God, you endure pain while suffering unjustly. If you endure when you are beaten for doing wrong, where is the credit in that? But if you endure when you do right and suffer for it, you have God’s approval. For to this you have been called, because Christ also suffered for you, leaving you an example, so that you should follow in his steps. ‘He committed no sin, and no deceit was found in his mouth.’ When he was abused, he did not return abuse; when he suffered, he did not threaten; but he entrusted himself to the one who judges justly. He himself bore our sins in his body on the cross, so that, free from sins, we might live for righteousness; by his wounds you have been healed. For you were going astray like sheep, but now you have returned to the shepherd and guardian of your souls.

# RESPONSORIAL PSALM

1\. The Lord is my Shepherd;\
I shall lack nothing that is good.\
He leads me in green pastures,\
besides still waters he comforts me. ***R.***

2\. He guides me along the paths of righteousness.\
Though I walk in the shadows of death, I fear no evil;\
for you are with me,\
your crook and your staff comfort and protect me. ***R.***

3\. You have prepared a table before me\
In the sight of all my foes.\
You anoint my head with oil,\
and my cup overflows with joy and gladness. ***R.***

4\. Surely, goodness and mercy shall follow me\
all the days of my life.\
I will dwell in the house of the Lord\
for ever and ever. ***R.***



# HOLY GOSPEL (John 10: 1-10)

Jesus said: ‘Very truly, I tell you, anyone who does not enter the sheepfold by the gate but climbs in by another way is a thief and a bandit. The one who enters by the gate is the shepherd of the sheep. The gatekeeper opens the gate for him, and the sheep hear his voice. He calls his own sheep by name and leads them out. When he has brought out all his own, he goes ahead of them, and the sheep follow him because they know his voice. They will not follow a stranger, but they will run from him because they do not know the voice of strangers.’ Jesus used this figure of speech with them, but they did not understand what he was saying to them. So again Jesus said to them, ‘Very truly, I tell you, I am the gate for the sheep. All who came before me are thieves and bandits; but the sheep did not listen to them. I am the gate. Whoever enters by me will be saved, and will come in and go out and find pasture. The thief comes only to steal and kill and destroy. I came that they may have life, and have it abundantly.
